this name is taken :(
hmm, so it can't be missing the nvidia kmod :(
:(
:(
:(
RandolphCarter: :(
:(
can anyone help me :(
:((((((((((((((
HellDragon: you're a dragon from hell, you shouldn't :(((((((
ack, no it won't, you need -F 32 :( (my bad)
:(
same problem :(
:(
I really want to get mplayer back :(
amphi: aww. :(
soundray: network / internet doesn't want to work :(
:(
I can't win :(
:(
:(
I cant, it's annoying :((
Managu: they both fail when installing the base system :(
rob138: couldn't get it to work here :(
::(
anyone know how to turn the fan off on a laptop? its ALWAYS on for me :(
:(
:(
all programs related to gnome, are printing always in "normal" quality, i've configured cups in  gnome to print "draft", xpdf prints draft, but not all the applications :(, anyone how to solve this?
grrr serious problems routing eth0 traffic to pp0 , done all the nat set up and setup masq, tcpdump shows traffic from the network but not that traffic moved onto the internet ppp0 :( any advice?
not me :(
brn ok sry , seems gcc is at fault :(
trym hmm i dont think so :(
trym think u have to build it in and compile :(
hyphenated, and they get ugly really quickly :(
but it's mainly based in windows :(
es que me estan diciendo que me vaya a un salon de spanol :(
ubotu sorry :(
I had to delete my windows partion ! :( !
(ups, forget it :()
rubso, My battery on Ubuntu don't last more than 1h, and on W$ it works more than 2 :( I wish to know if there is a good app for power save :D
:(
anyt help would be greatly appreciated- i've been at it now for almost a week :(
hello, I deletes garbage from pulpit :( - where can I get him back?
is the useless synaptics touchpad support just something u have to live with? :(
:(
Flannel: and I don't know how to get it :(
does anybody use irda port (usb to irda device)  ? I can see my mobile phone in irdadump output, but, can't find software for further work :(
:(
Maybe i can rotate the screen to get to the controlls on the bottom.. :(
abrar, it's listed in my startup programs, dunno what to tell you :(
hmm, i followed the instructions from java-sun and doesn't work :(
okay okay, but u have to admire the easy structure of the page, sorry but i had a look at the official guides :(
Madpilot: sorry he had to leave :(
Arrick: not much longer :(
if by repos, you mean 'Adept', i cant see it :(
there's no IBM debs for PPC in multiverse :(
i dont' have the patience for linux :(
frantic: I don't...  :(
frantic: I don't know what ubuntu does, but it does it wrong :(
slavik: how would I open it? It says I do not have permission. :(
is there a way to get the lexmark x74 scanner to work in ubuntu? :(
frozen bubble has no sound :(
katie_: don't have the time :(
awww man! The Uncyclopedia says that Ubuntu is gay :(
ry, I am not the kernel expert :(
ry, this is why I feel said (I don't know :()
guess ill have to uninstall ubuntu :((
katie_;  wont work with my printer scanner :((
slavik:  they have a linux development kit for 3 printers out of 100 :(
katie_: I would suggest hp but I doubt it's an option :(
tritium: nope printer not listed there :(
tritium:  and i got everything else working too :(
ray_: no idea ... no nvidia cards here :(
Can anybody help me get K3b working properly?  When I try to burn, I get permission errors.  "Cdrecord has no permission to open this device".  I've tried changing permissions in K3bsetup .. didn't seem to work :(
Can anybody help me get K3b working properly?  When I try to burn, I get permission errors.  "Cdrecord has no permission to open this device".  I've tried changing permissions in K3bsetup .. didn't seem to work :(
DIdn't work :(
lwizardl,  if ya have a pwoer failure.. ya box may not boot all the way to ssh. :( that was my prob last week when i had a power outage.. had to plug in a monitor/keyboard to see what was going on
Can anyone help me get K3b to work properly?  When I try to burn, I get "CDrecord has no permission to open this device".  I tried adding my account to the cdrom group... but that didn't work.  Any suggestions?  The default burning software in Ubuntu doesn't do everything I need it to :(
Can anyone help me get K3b to work properly?  When I try to burn, I get "CDrecord has no permission to open this device".  I tried adding my account to the cdrom group... but that didn't work.  Any suggestions?  The default burning software in Ubuntu doesn't do everything I need it to :(
Can anyone help me get K3b to work properly?  When I try to burn, I get "CDrecord has no permission to open this device".  I tried adding my account to the cdrom group... but that didn't work.  Any suggestions?  The default burning software in Ubuntu doesn't do everything I need it to :(
DJ_Danni, don't repeat :( this is an english channel anyway
Ok then.. are there any other cd/dvd burning packages other than K3b that I can try?  I need something that will recognize and burn various image types, as well as write VIDEO_TS dvd folders, etc... I can't get K3b to work and nobody here seems willing to help :(
Ok, I'm gonna try logging out and back in again... but it probably won't work.  Ah well... looks like I'm stuck burning in XP instead :(
No dice.  Graveman wouldn't work either. :(
Bah, I give up.  :(
arg, another error :(
today i wanted to install ethereal, and recognized the port is broken :(
you know, xorg 7.0 was developed for linux only :(
sakka, hard, if you don't know how to upgrade your kernel :( try bcm43.sf.net
uh. ok. Do I have to go to school too? :(
:(
Flannel: Modified /etc/hosts but still getting that error :(
yeap :(
:(
can't try xgl :(
but it froze :(
Corey :(
now to linux :(
o i can't mount my floopy :(
and fllopy don't work :((
:(((
i can't locate it :(
update-menus not found :(
:(
senjin: i said pastebin :(
Nailor: :(
i want someone to help me install my video drivers for ubuntu, because i've asked 3-4 times and nobody helped me :(
something didnt turn out right :(
dapper is cancelled :(
jared_, i dont know how to run it..:(
it only happens on this Ubuntu computer :(
soundray, how to get windows work with grub on it? :(
crimsun: there is no any way to get the sound in breezy? :(
My computer hangs when I try to boot the 2.6.15-23 kernel that I got with depper.. :(
What's up with the new xgl/compiz update? It was yesterdays or todays... Xgl stoped working :( Have anyone else experienced problems?
I can't figure out whats wrong :(
crimsun: i recieved an error msg after that..:(
nickrud: no :(
plz any one help me...:(
please help me :(
okay, using the live cd, is there any way I can get commandline access to a samba share? nautilus can connect, but then I can't do anything from a terminal :(
I can't figure out whats wrong :(
Flannel, , I having a bad day, I lost my dog :(
:(
but DHCP changed my IP :(
amphi, yes, hardware is okay, but lenovo doesn't support linux :(
amphi, there is no dpkg in there :(
Tangent> :(
i need help :(
but there is no option to execute a command when its plugged out :(
ALSA lib pcm_dmix.c:819:(snd_pcm_dmix_open) unable to open slave
:(
heres a sample from the logs. May 24 05:36 : problems opening audio device while playing "little_smelly_monkey.mp3"ALSA lib confmisc.c:672:(snd_func_card_driver) cannot find card '0'
jackson: im not sure its a game called Artifact it installed alright then it wont load in terminal :(
no i dont :(
no they dont :(
i gotta run windows tablet pc ed. on mine though :( *sniffle*
_nano_::  ndiswrapper caused me to reinstall ubuntu :(
_nano_::  yep... on dapper also... reverted to breezy... still no luck... then re-reverted to MS XP :(
IcemanV9, i would like to try it to be honest, i mean im sure i could get it to work, but i dont think i would reach the full functionality as i would in windows, by installing it i thought i would only be doing it out of curiousity.. and i dont have enough time to reconfigure everything :(
paradizelost::  if i can only get my broadcom drivers to work on my laptop...  :(
ET didnt work very well :(
carthik_zZz its ntfs :(
Hey guys I started installing ubuntu and It hanged at 72% installing packages :(
Ng, I don't know :( because I always use root, while some smart asses want to keep using root as a top secret
sadley no i think misplaced.... :(
spacey, it's not a tech problem :(
l1lk1ll, don't try it :( it's for alpha testing only
:(
sangenfant, X should be easy nowadays :(
PuGz, acx100 is not in stable kernel :(
Corey, don't repeat :( heard
PuGz, hard time then :( you may have to read bugs/mailing list at acx100.sf.net
saquib, I don't know :( you may try googling " linux games "
:((
Ng : yes that correct but in bad situation this box will use by other person :((
DBO: :( yeah it should
i didnt :(
alfredn : that is  my prob :((
http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/daily-live/current/ <<normal :(
CarlFK: dont ask :(
ok thats not normal :(
Frogzoo: not working :(
crimsun: i didnt get the sound :(
nope, doesn't move :(
DShepherd: it always did for me :( im not sure than ds
tuxtheslacker, sorry to ask but how??? :(
dli, while running  cat /proc/asound/cards its says that no soundcards..:(
gnomefreak, i went through those wikis but didnt find any help...:(
crimsun : i didnt get the sound after running the command which u had given me..:(
damn ESX :(
i have 5.1 sistem and the subwoofer and center don't work :(
CrippsFX, :( grub installed to the mbr automatically
still no sound from subwoofer crimsun :(
again crimsun don't work :((
i put a dvd original and nothing :(
having problems with sky2 driver also :(
crimsun, i dont know how to install the driver:(
crimsun, i dont know how to install the driver:(
Kyral: my big concern is if ubuntu will damage my hw :(
:(
hollywoodb, ok thnx.... so what can i do? there is no other option than asking..:(
Gnomefreak, mjr: :( alright, thank you for the link. If there's not a best, which would you recommend for a n00b who wants speed and reliability?
hollywoodb, ok thnx.... so what can i do? there is no other option than asking..:(
I can't get ubuntu to dual boot with windows :(
:(
cdubya, I would say it has not connected at all however when i go to the network tools thru system->admin->network tools i get a ping I have a feeling that ubuntu wont send the wep properly like its supposed to :( so maybe thats why im not getting on but i did type it correctly and i tried lan also
cdubya, i am so stupid lol the cord went to the router but was not plugged in, but that does not fix the wirelss problem :( lol i am such an idiot though
tonyyarusso, that hurts. :(
cdubya, before when i was looking at network tools i had loopback interface selected :(
intelikey i have tightvnc working now.... the problem is its like 20 times slower then the windows equivilent :( oh well
nobody is talking in ubuntu.tr :(
ubuntu your question is turjish related and there is not much hope for you finding an answer here :(
lol I removed my main menu buttons on accendint (applications, places, and system) Now I cant figure out how to get them back.:(
Ouch.  :(  Better to test the integrity before you install!
egad insists on using ndis.... :(
it's java :( but itz pretty good
cause it didnt work :(
M_A_K, why you write code? It takes so much time... :(
sonasks: man rar comes up undocumented :(
theres lots of little annoying problems with using the 64bit disrtos. :( flash, and other annoyances.
i dont know :(
:(
rambo3: No. :( The system clock wasn't in GMT and NTP corrected the clock, which caused this error.
if it doesn't work, i'll be using red hat :(
Mysta_:: dont do that :(
i don`t have it .. if is not free :(
pls :(
pls.. help me .. :(
toby, lame :(
did :(
too bad the suns java download is down :( Cant get j2re :(
doesnt work :(
Rubin, no clue man...i'm new to it...:(
Rubin, i just wanna get my net working thats all :(
ihaveavirus, it's not working again :(
paradizelost: in the OO.org print dialog, there isn't such an option :(
i've already asked a few times :(
ALSA lib pcm_dmix.c:819:(snd_pcm_dmix_open) unable to open slave
ALSA lib pcm_dmix.c:819:(snd_pcm_dmix_open) unable to open slave
ALSA lib pcm_dmix.c:819:(snd_pcm_dmix_open) unable to open slave
blab|patrick, if you don't know any of them :( you have to read about kernel-package
yggdrasil, sorry, I thought it's usb, since it's fat :(
i need help :(
dli, apache2 does the same thing, and #Ubuntu+1 tells me I shouldn't be having a problem at all :(
paradizelost: yes :( have to no Linux boxes at uni
i think u got smth wrong? :(
crap... i cant stay awake much longer :(
smeacterne, but I am quite an idiot with how a business runs :(
Madpilot: i keep getting rejected by the tracker :(
:(
I wish the servers gave me full speed :(
im only downloading at 500 :(
same here. except for the crash problem between kdesktop and kopete. :(
:(
I forgot hw to build install and run something in linux :(
:(
house_md: yeah, and it just froze and closed on me, they're too lazy to port it :(
it looks like every port will have wine overhead with it :(
its still early here :(
Could some one please help me my ubuntu cant install :(
why :(
but it's a great frustration for me :(
Can any one help me After I install ubuntu it starts configuring the packages, Then it locks up at 72% on liblircclient0 what should i do :(
miter: Do you know about some good power management utility for Ubuntu? In windows my laptop works for 2 hours, but in Ubuntu it just works for 1 hour only :(
Can any one help me After I install ubuntu it starts configuring the packages, Then it locks up at 72% on liblircclient0 what should i do :(
It said that it failed to install packages and that some of them will be broken :(
lukketto: they don't tell why usa only :(
just did an update, and i need newer versions :(
please help :( the versions in my repository are too old, and synaptic won't take them as deps
i just ran an update, though :(
:(
I think my php is broken :(
oh hell just open it :(
i have problem with xgl server, when i try to start with xgl it starts & crashes & starts & crashes .. loops this.. what the problem? :(
HymnToLife: and i corrected it (or tried) each time :(
I want Windows back. :(
:(
I want windows again. :(
Tangent> :(
Hhhmmm... I used Nero and burned as an ISO data file and it won't boot :( Got any other suggestions?
shinu: :(
:(
does ever happen to anybody lately that firefox stop running? it simply freeeezes when i open some webpages :(
distanceisdeath:  wireless and Linux :(  hard wired is best
oh im sorry its 2 lines :(
so now when i want to apt-get install *something* i must download 40MB :( but i have only dialup connection
pally, god i hope not :(
H080J03: dont use the -about when sending to yourself :(
:(
bad enough, as some visible strings got changed :(
KillerKiwi2006: Incidently, even though OGL runs great, XGL never did :(
devnull, well...i've got ubuntu...and i wanna do sumthing with it...but i have no clue of what to do :(
I know I know :(
Jovi: I'm stuck :(
pelele, sorry I was expecting you to say one :(
hmm :( if only ADOM was free.. :/
it detected as non-bootable CD :(
Flannel, the thing is the latter is antialiased too :(
:(
I still can't install this driver for my Intel 945GM PCI Express :(
shit, they don't have 'ufs' compiled into the kernel so I can't mount it.. :(  I wanted to test the network speeds...
:(
simmo, well, it is a shame that he sold it to someone else :(
:(
:(
:(
MistaED, In the old version there was a bug that did not let you use widescreen even if xorg had it set I could never get it working on my laptop in widescreen :(
Flannel, but I can't install it :(
TheCarl, oh :( i dunno.. sorry
grr.. no one knows sudo enough :(
:(
damn too late :(
i am using sudo :(
how can i open on the putty ssh the port 3623 for telnet :(
:(
:(
But then I'll loose my uptime! :( (What uptime? :D)
Dr_Willis: Yeah.. basically take NTFS out of the equation.. it is annoying.. :(
Anyone? :(
:(
or not... :(
mkinitrd still won't work :(
:(
I had it in 5.10 but cannot find it in 6.06... :(
wow,  it semes ive stayed up till 2:30 am trying to get this damn thing to work on an OS ive never used before... gg shaun :('
hi.. I got a problem.. I cant read/write to a mounted disk.. :(
ok brb gotta get to eletrical work done :(
chavo, i've install build_essential already :(
this is a thinkpad a30 (1600x1200 @ 15"), pixels should be really small :(
