can someone please help me, I don't want to have to reinstall... :(
dammit i can't decided between KDE of Gnome for Dapper :(
lmh: then it's lying !!! :(
yct: well.. I need to write a "month with Suse 10.1" article... so unfortunately my good laptop is taken... I'm gonna have to install Ubuntu on another machine in the meantime :((
RandolphCarter: I dont know if you remember my problem w/ the Radeon 7000, but I had to end up changing the driver again to vesa :(, but the server is for vmware so thats cool
Seveas: cant go by that ubuntu has alot of users with 2-3 names in channels at all times :(
oh :(
Mark1412: astalavista.box.sk ...tsss.. :(
oh :(
:( But daadddyyyy
:(
> :( I broke my pc
well ... i guess i found out everything  need to know.. it won't be a midnight release :(
hyperactivecrond :( i've been searching for a "misplaced" final iso ;)
I wanted Perky Penguin :(
don't tell me unability to extract a rar archive will be the reason i switch back to windows :(
> so i wont be using it :(
dapper was a horrible upgrade for me, it enticed me to mess with things i shouldn't.  Like xgl.  Now my gdm is screwed :(
:(
:(
:(
cuz ur right guys, itl take hours:( + the system will be jam acked with breezy users upgrading lol
"Epiphany has quit unexpectedly" every time I load it :(
pike__, :( O well
im disappointed:(
Bilford: thanks for that, i'll wait :(
i dont think anyone knows hisakasex:(
but thats a dream for now:(
Saj: x2 is expensive :(
Hentai_Jeff: They are? I was wondering why the latest version didn't get released on Linux. :(
viaken: :(
does cedega really not work on pb:(?
If someone renamed an XP install iso to an ubuntu install iso and someone went to install it and installed windows :(
:(
Seveas: :((
:(
khermans: don't know perl :(
aww no party near me :(
i hate that dapper splashscreen on bootup :(
Seveas: don't have salmon :(
my IP blocks torrents !! :(
:(
:(
scheuri : so when I log off windows xp then type in the users username n password, then it cannot.. :(
he just haves to set +l to 1499 :(
Burgundavia: doesnt help when I'm having issues now :(
5 :(
hi ubuntu-6.06-desktop-i386.jigdo is missing :(
kbrooks: I just happen to have ~1MB/s upload... the limits just suck :(
Seveas: pity :(
only 6 seeds at the moment... :(
khermans I'm getting errors with the command line transcode so I think a frontend would fail still :(
:(
: no scan result :(
there are no seeders for the dvd at the moment :(
thoreauputic, :(
onkarshinde, i need more 379 mb :(
Torrent is slow :(
Xore, fun and profit? :(
thoreauputic: I had to reconnect to irc.freenode.org :(
:(
it is 4 hours before I even can start installing :(
:(
50Kb from the xubuntu site :(
how do i reclaim my firefox icon.. was about to read the forum post before it died :(
installing xp in qemu is so slow :(
wierd... mine does not work good at all :(
those mirrors are too slow :(
i know how to install stuff myself, just takes me ages :(
i broke ubuntu :(
grimboy: probably? im always here. i have no life. :(
Celestar: thanks but i am downloading ISOs. Bittorrents are taking twice the time :(
??? wtf ? :(
installation is SLOW :(
MacSlow, few moment for 19mb ? you must be lucky dude, I live with 512 only :(
The Totem Plugin Could Not Startup : Could not establish connection to sound server - can someone help me here? :(
hey guys all the games I play now are really laggy since i played around wiht the driver settings :(
Celestar:: :( sorry, dont know how to do it by command line
dapper isn't cool :(
dunnix: No i don't think my sound is working :(
installArchives() failed :(
snoops:: i dont know, sorry :( but dont quit on us, there are lots of brilliant people that answer questions very quickly
:(
Frogzoo: what do you mean reinstall? I tried reinstalling the whole ubuntu distro with boot loader twice and same result. It just tries to load (and fails) ubuntu after a few seconds... :( I also tried using the install CD in recovery mode but wasn't sure what to do...
Frogzoo: as part of the system reinstall, the boot loader (LILO) was also reinstalled. It did not improve my situation. Breezy install went a lot smoother with GRUB...I don't have a choice of boot loader here.. :(
krazykit: I did that but it just spits out errors about /proc/devices not being present... :(
damnit. I need a kernel compiled with gcc-3.4 :(
:(
:(
I've been following that with no success :(
visik7: doesn't work :(
:(
:(
sorush20: apparently not, unfortunately :(
help! how can I edit my xorg.conf ?? cant do it via su chmod :(
i cant find the msttcorefonts with synaptic....i have all the sources enabled tho.... :(
:(
jayrod06, but not a macbook :(
nouse thats right windows :()
I have a terrible problem :(
madmike, but it doesnt, windows doesnt boot... :(
stupid windows :(, it doesn't work in my ntfs partition due to a resize partition
midna: well, thanks... not sure about the status of my warranty, that's all :(
I tried putting the SSID and key in by hand and still no go :(
I'm a little dissapointed. I'm excited that the new Ubuntu can find my wireless card out of the box, and I heard it was delayed mostly for wireless support... so why isn't there a wifi manager :(
wastrel: my wifi is in there with SSID and password I set :(
>:(
Problem is the few things that don't work aren't just a matter of downloading a driver installer :(
I did that shachaf, and the script didn't run. :(
asdx, not as many as I hoped there would be :(
Frem: No luck with that :( Thanks anyway, I'll just lurk in here until somebody helps me :)
It seems to have better card support but no sort of wifi manager :(
dsas: easyubuntu breaks totem for me :(
is there a way to set a global http proxy? i keep getting "can't resolve http" errors and nothing will update/download. my isp insists on using transparent proxies but the default one i go through is broken :(
Ah, I haven't used anything but Raid 0 so unfortunately I can't help you :(
the power manager on dapper doesn't work apparently :(
h3sp4wn: How do I do that ? :(
michaels, sorry no :( but google might be able to help if you search on about:config+firefox
It didn't work :( Host unreachable ...
h3sp4wn: ... ? Any idea (sorry for bugging you but I can't get this sorted out :( )
i think it's telling me i'm rubbish and can't be trusted with software :(
same thing :(
gnomefreak, what now? :(
can any1 help me with my soundcard problem :(
hell i want an edgy repo :(
(EE) Failed to load /usr/lib/xorg/modules/extensions/libGLcore.so <- help me :(
eobanb yeah i know... but without forcing a setting... it wont let XGL run normal speed :(
penguinwhoflew,  mmm not saavy in that part sorry :(
