deserteagle: I tried using alsamixer and the pcm channel is not muted.  Any other suggestions? :(
i hate this bug :((
deserteagle: I tried using alsamixer and the pcm channel is not muted.  Any other suggestions? :(
Derek_Russo: :(
my wlancard wont work :( - ive tried so much.. im using the new ubuntu and i have an Atheros Communications, Inc. AR5005G 802.11abg NIC (rev 01) card
man, I only got the Basic version :(
> greg_g, I've only had experience with one; 915 iirc... not sure of the technical details but I installed edgy with beryl, vlc, codecs, etc.. and it everything was accelerated out of the box. Awesome. Until I tried to run some games :(
i wish my X could get fixed :(
yuckity ... yuckity .. yuck ... to get my ati 9600xt to work properly i had to use non-open source drivers ... where on edgy i could use open source .. why this backwards step :(
i took away my own permission to access administrationi settings :(
it says to contact admin :(
:(
:(
I entered the IP address and it still didn't work :(
my keyboard shortcut isn't working :( alt-f2 is still opening the gnome terminal, not aterm
nope :(
TirEoghain: no idea :( try following the guide again, sorry
Impaque: Am I screwed then, I was hoping to have all my files on the one computer so the other computers and laptops in the house could read it from them :(
SmSpillaz: it's just when ubuntuforums had the tags for fiesty i found a topic for solving this problem easily. its just they removed the tags i can't find it :(
mzaza: you might try beryl instead -- its in the repos now, remove compiz first.... ive never had any problems with beryl... but i had so many problems with compiz :( sometimes the close-X's on progams dont work... similar black screen problems that youve had too
:(
blazemonger, im sorry to hear that :(
NemesisD: :( so its either keyboard shortcuts or snazzy effects
xt: had any problems?  there was a race condition between some scripts in the beta that caused 9/10 boots to fail, I've only booted twice running feisty release and one has failed :(
umop already too late for that :(
:(
:( i'm lost
xtknight: I do. :(
:(
mysql killed my feisty upgrade :(
my mouse doesn't work as before, I can't open tabs by clicking on the mouse wheel and I can't past by clicking on the mouse wheel, any idea how to fix it, it's really annoying :(
I can not freshclam in the terminal! :(
clicking with my mouse wheel still not working :(
:(
:(
Please check what mp3 player came by default :(
ok, I'm stupid.. but I cant find the llink for the torrent file :(
no..i mean by default :((((
ive had that :(
cisoleap=the proprietary :(
my MD5 checksum didn't match for Feisty! :(
_3uG_: I'm out of ideas =/ I'd say use envy to uninstall everything nvidia-related, remove linux-restricted-modules, restart comp and try installing the nvidia driver... that's what I did anyways =/ other than that, I have no idea :(
they dont work :(
: line 16 in /etc/fstab is bad
i lost my sound :(..
_3uG_: I'm sorry then :(... basically, all you have to do is to remove anything ubuntu related to nvidia, and just reinstall the nvidia driver - I admit, they made it damn harder now >.<
i dont have an apple :(
i should have gotten an apple like myd j friends said :(
i only have XP  pro for a dell computer :(
:(
:(
none of them work properly with my audio card :(
the latency is weak :(
god i should have learned something about PC's :(
and i cant return it now :(
:(
now i gotta save a few pennies or sell  some of my old synths :(
problem: why can't i login to the new user i created? :(
help? :(
anyone can help me with my gcc? :(
:(
I get: ALSA lib pcm_dmix.c:865:(snd_pcm_dmix_open) unable to open slave   (then next line)   Playback pen error: -16,Device or resource busy
:(
i need help :(
hm, no acrobat reader debs in feisty? :(
r00tintheb0x: i tried to install k3b and there is not enough free space when using livecd :(
r00tintheb0x: same error :(
meh :( so noone using twinview?
ndiswrapper is determined to not let me get any sleep :(
0.72 :(
antidrugue: same error :( ...
okay. :(
rambo3: no i dont think so. :( gnome panel is on top of mythtv
Could someone help me install java :(
i forgot my root password :(
surviver: well, I hope you like spam... that email address will be in the logs on the WWW... :(
the new torrent doesn't work for me :(
sorry guys :(
im not a windows hater, but windows just erased like 40 gb of personal files :(
indeed it is, but what can i do now ? :(
kalm, it weren't thousands, but now they're recovered it is :(
hi, I've just installed Ubuntu and good very poor sound + video quality, lots of blurs and cracked sounds :(. Is there any possible solution?
whenever I try to play music at average or above volume my speakers get sucked, and playing avi stufffs is a nightmare, lots of unrecognizable pictures :(
magnetron: I havent used Linux for a while and it seems I've forgetten almost everything. No expert here :(
hey people ... help me .. I installed the FEISTY and the sound isn't work ... in EDGY was working fine, but now... and I need to edit a video!! :( but, without sound is impossible!!!
renaming didnt help xtknight  :(
zaeem, 9250 :(
:(
:(
I upgraded to feisty yesterday, but i'm having freezes, looks like is hardware/interrupts problem... :(  no log errors
ponigru: I upgraded to feisty yesterday, but i'm having freezes, looks like is hardware/interrupts problem... :(  no log errors
debaser, i only get the error :(
debaser: it's world of warcraft :(
there must be a way of having things so that users can just quickly "install" software without any technical knowledge, otherwise i cant promote it instead of windows :(
:(
:(
nobody in vnc :(
no wxinwrap in 7.04 repositories? :(
Middle mouse button won't work, but it worked fine under 6.10. I've tried different options whlie reconfiguring X but it still won't work :(
god i can't spell today :(
Meshezabeel: or tell me where to get them, and I''ll get it :(
:( no one answering my question
:(
antidrugue: I have it working while LiveCD session, but NetworkManager doesn't show it after installation :(
antidrugue still the same odd problem :(
frolle: except it loads KDE junk :(
