radioaktivstorm: its nearly impossible to tell. welcome to wireless! :)
<-- is looking for someone to help with a bluetooth issue. Problem = not working :)
sylpou: go ahead. No need to ask if you can ask. :)
sylpou_: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
verve: dont remove them :)
ubotu is a bot. :)
Sorry, I don't know anything about is a bot. :) - try searching on http://ubotu.ubuntu-nl.org/factoids.cgi
thanks Jordan_U  :)
Lifeisfunny, np :)
well i'm going to see how it goes :) hope I get good x back
is the Intel x86 usable with Intel 64-bit, or am I supposed to use AMD64 instead? :)
speaker: less of a load on them now that upgrade day is over :)
your welcome :)
akiratheoni: Hope that helps :)
what? :)
we'll see, ZionPsyfer has generously offered to dig up a list of some sort... maybe it will help me along in my quest :)
Intelligitimate: Yes. ogg vorbis   uses the .ogg extension. Lots of info  on it in wikipedia :)
cdm10, but it works? :)
saloxin: thanks :)
is the Intel x86 build usable with Intel 64-bit, or should I use AMD64? :)
earlmred: no idea.  I'll bet they'd answer your inquiry though, especially if you fork over some money to them when it works :)
saloxin: ah.. maybe I should switch my other box GF6200 TurboForce edition then to this box instead meanwhile for some compiz love untill then :)
ZionPsyfer: I'm not worried about WHY it locked up -- I caused that by applying a new GTK theme while it had 20+ tabs open :)
is the Intel x86 build usable with Intel 64-bit, or should I use AMD64? :)
Ahorner:  Well, let it run.  See how it goes :)
Ahorner:  You can always run "gksu -c aptitude dist-upgrade" later.  It won't hurt anything if you're fully upgraded :)
Ahorner: My pleasure :)
Sergo: are you really bored? :)
wirechief: oh ok. dont mind me :)
ZionPsyfer: for example, if there is a small scrath on Cd, the installation can fail with red screen:) .. with windows xp, there can be a 1000 of scratch, but no problem with installing
through a hole in the pocket :)
joanki, oh haha....yeah, I've been there too :)
hi guys. :)
I am :)
joanki: You can also write to /tmp, but that is by definition TeMPorary data. :)
h1st0: No, i have plenty of leases available :)
joanki: That's it. :)
joanki: Yellow, actually. :)
joanki: Yup. :) It highlights if the name exists anywhere in the line.
stemount: are you a registered user on FreeNode? If so, PMs :)
joanki: I'm an irssi guy, it's great in conjunction with screen. :)
joanki: I run it on the server, and I just detach when I logout, and re-attach (ie, screen -rd) when I login. :) Yeah, in terminal.
mlalkaka: that's right, which is why i've been working so long on getting the nvidia drivers working :)
:)
bqmassey: Deluge :)
Ahorner: And that, my friend, is the difference between a software engineer, and a mere "programmer". :)
bqmassey: uhh, I dunoh - I just use it and it works well :)
OpenDNS is great. :)
mlalkaka: awesome, thanx, i'll try that now, i'll be back to let you know how it goes :)
joanki: it sounds like you're picking things up pretty well - once you get over the hump, you'll be all about *nix :)
kevinO: Heh, indeed. ;)  Now carry on. :)
I haven't had any problems upgrading, for one :)
TorvusLinalds:   i had no probs :) even browsed the web and listened to online radio while it installed
thxs i appreciate it TorvusLinalds :)
:)
TorvusLinalds: there ya go :)
groobox jk :)
mlalkaka: hehe, thanx but i tried them already :)
:)
mrg, OH! Yes, I do. :)
that sucks :)
ctrl alt delete either does nothing, process manager, or reboot on linux :)
yep :)
asbani: good :)
heheh that's a noob question if i ever asked one :)
jimd1: i prefer gparted :)
jdong: I'm using fluxbox :)
joanki: open office and you already have it :)
charlie: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
:)
upfwnv03: if you install it, yes it does. i was running it before :)
P got utorrent working :)
now, upfwnv03, time to install virtualbox :)
rb2: no offense to notebook users, of course :)
bruenig: brainfart :)
Lifeisfunny: thanks, found it :)
Anick: it's just eye candy? If you just want eye candy, get a caleidoscope :)
:jnc .. slightly confused as u can guess :)
:)
I've customized the heck out of my Gusty install, and you just got me one step closer to being done. I congratulate you Falstius :)
eyemean,  no problem, glad to help :)
I have a bunch of .ttf fonts in a mounted partition, how do I move them all to /usr/share/fonts/truetype?  Would it be: "sudo cp *.ttf /usr/share/fonts/truetype" ?? Don't want to mess it up :)
i mean, dont you sort of have to want a virus to get one on linux? (or be running wine) :)
charlie: thanks it worked :) :)
LordLimecat: well then if you get a virus under wine then perhaps you need not run wine :)
m0u5e, No problem. Hope this works out for you too :)
jnc: now why didn't i think of that... i will try that and switch it back over to see if it works. :)
:)
Ah sorry, thanks :)
b4sic: probably lots :)
vlet: are you one of them? :)
I am Vlet :)
eck0: oops - replied to someone else, but yeah, see above :)
I saw that Vlet :) - thanks
:)
seamus7: Any help on my hardware thread would be appreciated too :)
YAY got Utorrent working :)
went to mount iso but soon as i click on it  ubuntu asks if i wann mount :) this is too easy
Name141: install it :)
LordLimecat: no idea :)
Great, welcome to the community then BOX|UK :)
seamus7: I'm gonna use wubi and just make sure everything's hunky dory in Gutsy. Hopefully I'll be back in this channel on it shortly :)
hrp2171 to learn c programming dont need any packages, just a book :)
rayb0t, the whole purpose of compiz is to look shiny and eat resources. :)
all I do is listen to music and chat really, why not :)
WOOT!  7.10 is workin good now :)
Hm, I got dual monitors going nice now :) - second problem visual effects - see: http://pastebin.com/m300fe788
yeah, do it _tux :)
KevinO: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
[[Charlie]]: thanks :)
josenj76, ubotu is a bot, just so you know. :)
Jban: I tend to use that rather than the menu, it's faster :)
Jban: just be prepared for the 'duh, I dunno's :)
robbizzle, just don't expect the 3d effects to work :)
gouranga, cool, now restart your system, be sure to have "sudo cp /etc/X11/xorg.conf_backup /etc/X11/xorg.conf" handy in case something goes sour :)
 * mon^rch whistles... gutsy is like perfect amazing :))
actually it looks like if you drop to a terminal in the Ubuntu install CD, gparted is installed... you just need to be able to run it :)
Im running gparted within the Ubuntu install CD right now :)
:)
VLet: Upgrade... now Im having to install :)
tritium, yes I know :)
jimmy: nah its like 150 gigs of roms :)
marx2k you can apt-get it quick anyways so it doesn't matter :)
c_lisp: yeah but noobs needing help during install would not know that :)
Dan: Oh! haha it lets my media center ubuntu computer run as a MAME arcade box :)
Dan2552: Yeah itd be even better if I had a WII :)
Right now my modded xbox serves as a media center via XBMC - does 1080i and everything :)
Dan2552, I blew my wad on this Toshiba 65" :)
but since I haxx0r'd DishNET, my girlfriend loves me more now :) :)
I'm the optomist ;:)
oh sweet! i finally stumbled upon a forum thread that gave me the answer i needed to get my bluetooth keyboard and mouse working... even after a reboot! = happiness! :)
KevinO, enjoy synergy... it pretty much rocks! :)
fabio: $5 is not hard to come by for gaming pleasure :)
simplyubuntu: dialup, yes, about 3k. And We got local radio stations on the phone line :)
LiMaO: Good job.  I am still using a 32-bit system but may one day end up using your script. :)
Any suggestions on fixing this? :)
elliott541a: thanks anyways. :)  I just booted up into the installer again, and it looks like some how the partition was destroyed. Tht would be a problem.  I'll try again.  :)
and it doesn't work well after you use vim because you end up with random letters all over your screen :)
sorry, im a bad impostor, hehe :)
luislo: no site, just my intuition, which at this hour probably isn't reliable :)
h1st0: you are evil :)
dystopianray: tnx :) will read it.
dxdt: cool... :) what kind of hardware are you on?
tenemag: a friend of mine was instantly converted :)
dxdt: ic. i'm on a laptop with an ati gfx card. so not sure if your mileage = my myleage. :)
therealnanotube: well I never claimed it to be.  You should just try it if you feel like it.  Yeah I am a physics major.  :)
zparta: kwin has an option for window-specific settings, where you can specify for that window to always be under all other apps, and without a window border; then, just full screen that app, and voila! instant video background :)  you also have devilspie, which does that window-specific alteration for any desktop environment
dxdt: yea, i know i'll try it, i was just curious to know before trying :) i was a physics major in undergrad at some point, too. ;)
vega- yeah? im not on linux right now... thanks :)
dxdt: hehe yea, i'm doing a finance phd now. :)
anyone done an upgrade from feisty to gutsy and has root on software raid? if so, did it go ok? :)
[chr0n0s]: I have compiz going with Emerald :)  imma happy camper
luislo: hmm, same here... I dunno- if you're on the bazaar version, compiled from src.. dunno what else could be the problem.. there has to be something dictating the desktop margin.. maybe `ps faux` will give you hints.. you can just start killing stuff (try nautilus/your-window-manager) at will, and see what happens :)
tvst: yea just checked :)
nikolai: now throw compiz and emerald on there and you should be golden.  add the reflective surface for compiz :)
yah just a simple coder :)  if i want games i have an xbox
simplechat: get an iso of windows and start over :)
I'll google it :)
i just want to say... gutsy is amazing. :)
Heh. It's not like XP and Vista are always guaranteed to work out of the box either. :)
freenode is the server, not the program you're using to get on freenode. :)
mcp_dk: :)
i am now a full linux :)
DUUUUDE: heh. It's one of the best Distros of linux I've seen...first one that recognized my wifi, my widescreen, and my nvidia video card right out of the box. :)
wow, gusties default backround looks pretty damn hot :)
I agree wi th riotkittie...luckily it's highly modifiable. :)
h1s0: cool :)  I'm still a semi-newbie. :)
neur1: :)  I went though that myself a number of times--I do not have 24/7 internet..I get online at wifi hotspots at the library...and have to interrupt downloads when the library closes. :)
nickrud: heh. the best ones for ME, yes...maybe not so good for others. :)
JW, we need more ppl like u, too bad my sound works :)
wtf!? i can see the HD but cant write to it, rio help me :)
hehe :)
ok how i change permission :) chmod...etc? how?
:)
dystopianray:  ah, its done now :) damn that was slow :)
dystopianray: ok, thanks anyway :)(
whoops, sounds familiar. You have the mixer issue too, sorry :)
:) well, then you just hit the jackpot, this is the first time I encountered this audio problem in 5 years :D
tehknow, got it sorted had to install xserver-xgl to get my window decorations working - just incase someone else bugs you :)
oh... :)
:)
bam_: np I always like when someone can help me :)
jscinoz: wait. That was dumb, forget it :)
thanks :)
anyway, thank you guys for all the help. I have to get back to work. Have a great release Party! :)
How do I reenable network manager to manage my network after manually configuring it? :)
Moduliz0r: oh yeh :) Gotta blog that
Ah :)
ps -ef (with a space):)
rbs-tito: ahh, thanks :)
linux26: No problem :)
ParanoyaM: Just a certain netiquette of writing in upper case. It makes it easier if you just state your problem and wait for an answer :)
RiffRaff: answer for wh00t? :)
thank you for your help :)
rbs-tito: they got windows keys, dont they? :)
rbs-tito: ok.. just read a test about these ones and they were a bit bitchy because DELL didn't do it "with love" you know? :)
rbs-tito: yeah, stuff like this :)
rbs-tito: oh yea, i forgot about you :). Turns out once i reset Totem's gconf settings, it works fine
cyphase: Good to know :)
beni: I need to press both in a game :)
Off to work now, bye :)
Mr: Okay good luck bro :)
thanks :)
Thanks saloxin, that was it :)
hi. i got XP, Vista and pclinuxos installed now. is it possible to install ubuntu also without messing up the current grub settings so i just have to add the Ubuntu partition in the menu.lst file? <- have to take a shower, if anyone knows the answer, plz message me :)
aata: Just a way of setting up disks so games and stuf can run a little faster :)
saloxin: thanks for the help, you seem to be very busy :)
saloxin: Okee dokee I'd better go hose my system again :) Thanks :)
ok i solved my problem by myself :)
wtg, albix :)
niller: no problem :)
is sharing pretty screenshots offtopic for this channel? :)
saloxin:  I went from kernel.org, can anyone verify their copy is good :)
before i go insane :), how do i give permission to write to me on a mounted disk, that's mounted with truecrypt(encrypted)? "sudo chown andreas crypt" gives the response "chown: changing ownership of `crypt': Read-only file system", first of all ls -l stil says root root, and second, its not a read only file system :S what am i doing wrong?..
deadsouls: that's what I did :)
Tigerman: just back up your current xorg.conf in case of emergency :)
stefg: Thanks a lot :)
:)
shooood:  just ask your questions :) if somone knows the answer they will help
u can always download one :) from the torrents
murlidhar: but i don't want to download a CD :)
Thanks to you _keito_ It's fixed :)
heya all :)
dmizer: ta. :)
AnssiP: but being on this channel, you might not want fedora :)
kane77: stenography? :)
1.48+ZyXEL: :) do you know the exact model of your product?
beni, :) yes something like that.. replacing commonly used words with some symbols...
kane77: never heard of this, could you drop me a comment if you find that? I'm keen to see that :) http://mybeni.rootzilla.de
beni: sure. :)
good morning :)
i have a question about amule :)
_keito_, Ok thank you for your help ... I will keep working and let you know if I get any closer ... And then ask you again :)
detra: Nope hell no :) I just had the trouble with an Linksys USB adaptor which didnt work in linux, and i found a page in the net with a guy testing hardware for ubuntu Linux and he Said this one should work. I bought it and It worked with my GF's laptop and we're all happy now :o)
_keito_, I've been a windows nerd all my life ... I know everything about it ... but I have many times changed to linux but ended up changing back ... Because when you are used to 1 OS there's stuff you need ... But now I got both wine and crossover to work ... So everythings coo :)
beni: oops, just oh ok :)
:)
_keito_: *this* rocks :) http://mybeni.rootzilla.de/mybeNi/mXsk1/wp-content/uploads/2007/10/bildschirmfoto.png
:)))
Pelo, thanks, thats okay :)
Psi-Jack: Haha, nope not yet I got too few Lan Cables :) But one day, it will - definitely :)
vinay, I can't check now as I'm not sure but If you leave me a way to contact you I can let you know :)
Psi-Jack, Fair enough :)
_keito_, I'm gonna test them all :)
_keito_, thats it :)
_keito_, I've never owned an ati myself ... That's why I'm using nvidia ... start with 1, stick with 1 :)
asbani: LOL :)
VSpike: well then that is what you needed to do :) let it finish the upgrade and you will see the package appear later on. may have changed name so it needs to go packageA to packageB so it can notice " packageB is now packageA "
myname: and "ubotu" is the Channel bot, he is a program why helps us to help people :)
beni: I don't like xchat, because I run my irc from terminal and screen, that i can log back into it from different computer or from work :)
asbani: ah okay irssi or stuff :) sorry
bashish should be in ubuntu repos.. it is cool :)
ThunderStruck: Thanks :)
hmm cool I'm in konsole. looks nice :)
thanks :)
hi everybody :)
compwiz18, or links :) but that has no flash yet
kane77, true :)
compwiz18, maybe something can be done about it.. mplayer has ascii art output.. :) imagine watching youtube in your console :)
hello everybody :)
np :)
idleone - however, the crash is now fixed :)
:)
Sorry, could someone tell me if this is the correct channel for my questions about Gutsy? Seems that there is too much people here :)
LM22: try asking a question :)
LjL thanks :)
svg, otherwise you could use a mini cd :)
same problem like RootyRootRootWoo :)
LiMaO: :)
So, instead of asking a question, I say "kvm in gutsy is broken - true or false!" :)
hey :)
daekdroom: ...? of course. they're more frozen than even, since it's released :)
I cant upgrade! Cant seem to fix this issue by myself! Does anyone know how to help me? :)
LjL:  tx for the help,  I'll see if that work on the next update :)
LiMaO: would you have any speculation on that front, or should I go poke around, maybe nag a dev or two? :)
ion_bidon: no clue on the initrd thing, since I tend to take error messages literally, personally :)
:)
mc44: keep in mind I bought this ubuntu box from dell to encourage their business decision :)
ktorrent rules :)
LM22: ah, ok. ktorrent rocks indeed :)
jdong: XFCE4 :)
jdong: my laptop with 96MiB of memory runs XFCE4 :)
nemo_home: of course, if you like GNOME apps.... KDE is pretty useless :)
nemo_home: if you use majority GTK apps, I would never tell you to try KDE :)
noo1 - Aha :) Thanks very much
vocx: and I'm looking for a decent high-powered gnome burning tool :)
xsacha: ok, point. that's not the intended purpose of mplayer :)
xsacha, it doesn't appear to be compiz doing it either, which is good :)
jdong: but soon it will be ding dong dead! :)
mc44: let's hope so :)
saloxin: yeah, pretty noisy :)
:)
xsacha, stemount: thank you for looking at this with me. i guess this is a 'just gutsy' thing :)
that don't conflict with anything else :)
it is very good mundungus :)
mundungus, bit heavy on memory but :)
TheSaint: errm to you too! :)
:)
:)
attunix: it means you like trains :)
saloxin, all fixed now :)
TheSaint :)
thesaint: errm to you to! :)
:)
jnc: non-family-friendly quit message :)
murkyMurk, john_preist: thanks guys, it works great! :) Now... Do any of you know how to listen to ShoutCast which I usually accessed through WinAmp on windows? I've seen that I could possibly install Wine (which I have) and then mount my new NTFS r/w partitions, but I'd rather be able to run a native linux program... Another question I have is where I can check whether my web camera can take shots from Linux?
:)
Thanks for the help... I'm way further now :)
john_priest aha :) murkyMurk: thx
jnc, yes, of course :)
ja :)?
:) why do i get a big black cross on starup?
anyone know what #ubuntu-general does? :)
nickrud, thanks :)
nickrud, thanks again :)
poningru: maybe it's wrong... Well, as long as I won't lose data I don't mind the errors :)
Sorry pici thought i turned that off. It's off now :)
[[Charlie]]: Okay :)
garu: grub counts from 0 , if you remember that it's easy :)
poningru: Yup I disabled the stupid JMicron controller in BIOS and now the errors are gone :) Thanks for help.
:)
aata: what, I'm out of context here :)
Traveler6: the hp 17"? looking at that myself :)
:)
thanks a mil :)
warkruid, now that i know what to look for, i think i will find out a way :)
:)
great, thanks :)
aata: 1. do the get command. 2. burn that, and /var/cache/apt/archives/* to a cd. 3. Install. 4. copy the files back to /var/cache/apt/archives on the new install. 5. run the set command on the mypackages file. 6. Watch your system update, without downloading :)
:)
:)
vocx: yesterday I was the 1337 'th user. Destiny :)
aata thats fine :)
envy does wonders even for newbies like me :)
atouk: sudo -i to get to the root user's account, make up a really long random password, set it, and then forget it :)
aata: just answering questions :)
Fryguy--: doable. I'll mail you a bunch of dvd's :)
aata: install without doing the backup :)
nickrud: found it :) thx
aata, the use of * does not disguise the need for you to avoid the word fully in irc - you should have checked that also :)
ubotu: Hello :)
Sorry, I don't know anything about hello :) - try searching on http://ubotu.ubuntu-nl.org/factoids.cgi
after deleting everything, purging and reinstalling, it is gone :)
Paddy_EIRE: little to much to do instead one simple CLICK :)
ati  xpress 200 FTW :)
or you can hack in gconf-manager, but that's not exactly recommended.  :)
ldrada: heh. small case vs caps. About right :)
alill0: glad you made it back.  :)
Ashex: it is enough just to clikc middle click and it is downloading instead launching in browser :)
Ashex: i'm gonna change it manually but it works as i can see :))
:)
joanki, I also said that when I first get to know Ubuntu. ;) but now , it is sooo easy :)
iotkittie,  :)
kriel: higher learning curve, yes; but, the kicker is that there exists an edge :)
garu : well thanks a lot for trying to help that was so kind :)
DerDritte: okay :) But mine grabs the covers automatically and has a clean and simple UI ;)
yw :)
nanbudh: yes, install it :)
beni, i'm serious :)
garu: it's a safer answer than 'of course!' and then have your wireless card not work :) but yes, in general, it should be fine, provided the card's hardware supports wpa
thanks kishan and Paddy_EIRE_ :)
:)
thats too bad Paddy_EIRE_ :)
Paddy_EIRE_, obviously :)
nanbudh nah...no problems with downloading anything here :)
kriel: progress :)  install xfonts-base, or just xfonts-*
kriel: I believe -base is the only one you need, but the foolproof way is just to install them all :)
good, just now i have Windows, if i follow it i will have ubuntu :)
i burned the disc as iso was able to view web pages  and browse the web while it installed :)
Ghone[fark]: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
riddareralf: go find the button! :)
gnome rocks :)
riotkittie, nautilus rocks :) thanks for pointing out i can do what i want in nautilus too... i think i assumed things too quickly, i apologize for that
EminX: Where's the prob? :)
claudio75: it could be a slight change in the driver since fiesty or maybe just driver got overlooked :)
John117: Or just setup an old linux computer which shares music on your lan or stuff :) Just little tasks to learn about this OS
ah i was typing it worng :)
box|uk that's okay. I was using my laptop as an experiement so i could get comfortable with the install before switching on my desktop.   I think i'm ready. :)
john117 ,rest of space :)
Fryguy--: Ahh, ok I understand now... I know that was a silly question, but I've only had Ubuntu for 2 days now  so... some really apparent things aren't common to me :)
TheRepacker: welcome to the Freedom Movement buddy! :)
beni so i can simply use ndwrapper and thats it ?? no more problems? :)
OKay guys.. i'm off to finally install ubuntu on my desktop this time. :)  thansk for your help!
running utorrent in ubuntu  :)
beni that's no war...its the truth :)!
pici uhm - kinda but not completely :)
percival, not if you tell it not to :)
oh k thanks :)
damn quake wars plays great on gutsy :)
astro76: If I asked you a question about porting a windows Pizza into Ubuntu, would that be office topic? Hehe, just joking, I was up here early in the morning and wasn't used to topic rules :), so I apologize.
endo awn is awn I think :)
Seveas, :)
so you're talking rubbish :)
kevin_: you could make your own :)
Fryguy--, happens. Calm yourself :)
Gigglez, your sources.list is busted or you're not on x86 :)
Fryguy: haha yea i was being lazy with google today, to be honest :)
astro76: cool thanks :)
astro76: I just now noticed that there was two files... one ~$ass Shedule.doc and the other was the correct Class Schedule.doc ... I can open the documents fine it seems, sorry about taking up your time there :)
dopel, windows support in ##windows :)
Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
As you can see, this is a large channel. If you're speaking to someone in particular, please put their nickname in what you say (use !tab), or else messages get lost and it becomes confusing :)
DUUUUUDE: try transmission :)
ok thnx pax and lej :)
Paxton: windows version of transmission? well...... utorrent maybe? :)
MasterShrek: Thank you MasterShrek :), you tip got windows to load. Unfortunately as its booting I now get the BSOD. Wondering if I should try to repair windows or do something else.
PeacefulCheet1: I'm surprised that anyone got my adapter working, I'm looking forward to it :)
:)
oh nice thanks :)
Thanks paxton :)
Ubuntu is awesome, I just wanted to drop in to say thanks :)
PeacefulCheet1: I have to go now, I hope that helps you. I'll be back in half an hour if you still have trouble. If you do, I'll see if I can help :)
ah hello MasterShrek :), I tried your suggestion, now I get the BSOD trying to boot windows, wondering what is your take on my options?
MasterShrek, damn, well that means I pretty much I have to repair it I guess, since there is no way I'm gona format. Thanks for you help though, nice to know how to revert the Master Boot :).
MasterShrek, k thank you, cya later :).
scottfro, read it :)
Finish :)
jnc: I'm too lazy for commands :) well, really what I want is a process that configure Grub in a correct way, and restore the system. I'm not sure I'm able to do this only making a copy of the files in my linux partition
Colro: ask in #compiz-fusion :)
thanks LiMaO :)
jnc: thanks, I can't do this right now, but I have copy/pasted your previous message :)
akorn: :)
i know it's not the good chan for this question which is out of topic, but i'm looking for an algorithm of a Multi writer multi reader register implementation, so if someone knows that :)
Sp4rKy: try ##programming :)
MasterShrek, I solved the problem :D. it turns out while I was scrambling trying to figure out how to fix the boot, I loaded the optimize settings in the BIOS, needless to say that screwd things up :). Again thank you very much :).
I don't do those :)
leobru: you're welcome :) hopefully that solves it
leobru: After you install, go to System, Preferecnes and Screen resolution :)
woot - compizfusion 0.6 released :)
seth: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
Colro_: Didn't make sense to me either. :) Just passing on what someone else told me.
Tranto1, Thanks anyway :)
:)
Fryguy--: well, you're probably intuitive by nature :)
billy, most are, no need to mention it :)
MaxRandor: people might shout at me telling you this, but I'd recommend a fresh gutsy install, download gutsy.iso and do a fresh install :)
PriceChild, nothing is working after i tryed changing the standard driver setings :)
cpt: In fact I don't know where that file is in! :) When I installed Feisty, it configured with the correct resolution without doing anything else
eodchop: Thx i check :)
Innomen, come to #discuss-ubuntu :)
oxeimon, aye for now i guess, personally i can live with basic performance for now and i like testing the drivers for the devs a bit :)
roC_MasterMind, okey :)
Yoman: hehe :)
bjwebb: hmm... demons maybe :)
was1984[1]: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
cpt: cool :) Thats one thing then
Powerix, hehe yes, but it im no further :)
riotkittie: compiz is flashier than metacity is flashier than fluxbox is flashier than vt200 :)
try sudo apt-get install compizconfig* and see if you get lucky :)
awesome!  thanks for the tips :)
murkyMurk: easy for someone who knows what you mean by that :)
fryguy but i want to encrypt files, streams and everything so :))
thx for all answers, helped me alot :)
d4rkmonkey, Okey thx alot :) how do i comment it out trough terminal?
Never mind about my evolution question, I screwed up the spelling of spamassasin :)
lauchazombie, lol I love bash :) I woud live there forever if I could but I was giving this machine to a friend who wanted compiz
lauchazombie, links is pretty sweet, comes in handy at work (pretty restrictive firewall...ssh is open though :)).
Pelo, I'm not telling people not to use newever utorrent or utorrent in general because of the new owners, I'm simply expressing my opinion on the matter. If I am misinformed then thats my problem :) Everyone has faults...I'll learn the truth when I feel like it, but for now I'd rather just stick to my beliefs.
Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
thanks all :)
d4rkmonkey, Oh this works great :) , what was the only two problems with this chipset?
d4rkmonkey okey :)
ok but what I am trying to do is have that app launcher link call an alias that I setup within the shell :)
aaah now I know why it dont work :)
Thanks. :)
:)
flick: or something :)
vocx: point is, now that it is built the way I packaged it, the end user won't have to worry about anything. It runs with EVERY JRE in our repositories now :)
lauchazombie: it's Ubuntu -- it's what we do for each other :)
