k1gwb, Yes, but not easy :)
espen: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
Dumptruck, I don't know how to fix that :)
Vlet: whenever I try to update. it shows nothing in my update list. It thinks i'm up-to-date :)
Vlet: Okay. that what I'm going to do :)
OiPenguin: if you check the links, it says that all issues with this laptop have been resolved. so that means with little or no effort, ubuntu will work fine :)
espen oh, ok then, then do the restart then :)
OiPenguin: if you're unsure, you can always download now and install later :)
No problem OiPenguin :)
okay thank you Cable86 garu Jimdb :)
juanbond: Media Player on the menu :) (its rhythmbox)
Gambaroni: I had the same 'issue' :)
CarlF1 :).. So no svn server would be set up automatically?
Dumptruck: just like a ninja, practice, fall down, get up, practice, fall down :)
easy question to some of you, is it possible to browse the 'net as just text via the terminal? :) if so how?
Flannel: that's cool :)
Flannel: that www.browser tip you just gave me... THAT'S REALLY COOL! :) it's quaint, I love it
zakman, compile your own kernel :)
FLSimpsonKPT: If you ask a question, they can but try :)
not really. just my first use of xchat. used to use (:)) mIRC on windows
Fastn: maybe they just use another algorithms to calc the real volume. for instance: winamp on windows has 3 different ways to calc volume: linear, logarithmic and hypersomthing :)
finally! a freaking irc chat client! :)
FLSimpsonKPT: Great, no problem :)
VousDeux:  in any case, I hid the left panel, thank you for your help though :)
VousDeux: oh, ok :)
masquerade: well.. gutsy is released? :)
woops sorry :)
oki :) thanks i'll try that... and to then delete it?
oki :)
Fastly: this is VousDeux on xchat-gnome :)
CroiX :)
Tortured: sigh .. I was being lazy.. but thanks :)
pyrak: lol ... okay .. I did misunderstand it :)
Eagle3--: I'm a slack man from 95ish, I'm used to it :)
or maybe he should have looked before he asked :)
rtan, Okay....  :)
nibsa1242b: or the other way around.. fglrx doesnt play well with xserver-glx :)
VousDeux there is a video in youtube, with a guy being ironic saying that ms didnt copy mac os x!have a look at that, u'll change ur mind, I garantee you :)
nibsa1242b: kk.. I think I said glx earlier.. just had a strange feeling when the it was xgl :)
Kelley: pfft, only 80gb? buy a new drive :)
newbie: can I open a new window on a new chat network without losing the window I'm on? how? TIA! :)
nibsa1242b: I typed it wrong.. a lot :)
VousDeux no problem :)!
garu_: if I try aticonfig it will coredump and have xorg.conf dissapear as well.. funny problems here :)
Cryoniq funny indeed :o!:)
be right back...I'll do a restart to see if now I can play dvd's :)
the kind that they put in this POS computer :)
nibsa1242b: yeah I suppose if it removes the empty space :)
Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
:)
mark_, is my partitions are OK you think? I'm pretty new and the only thing that confuse me right now, is partitioning good:)
nibsa1242b: ah hmm.. going to fiddle some more and enable it again.. thanks for answering all my questions :) Very helpful :)
nibsa1242b: I experience it like that also. Yeah.. I heard there is one on the way.. :)
Pelo: ha. well put. :)
I just installed Gutsy and i would like a tutorials that tells me few useful packages that I do really need to install as a start :)
I just installed Gutsy and i would like a tutorials that tells me few useful packages that I do really need to install as a start :)
Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
MenZa: build-essentials was the one :)
knix: Oh yeah; that installs build tools and stuff. :)
MenZa: good thing i have free time, :)
No, we'll be staying in the channel, so others may benefit from it as well---don't worry. :)
K3nto: Sure :)
Kelley: And email. :) (unless htey have web-based email)
RoC_MasterMind, thats exactly what i thought :) And im not even have tons of apps open
Kelley: But one thing at a time. :) Just trying out Linux will be enough for now, I'm sure. :)
racarter: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
Why do you want to reinstall Ubuntu? :)
slyder: Because your DVD is set as a repository :)
ok i just rebooted and it took me to the login prompt and now im just sitting at a light blue screen :)
biggahed: if it's been a while since you asked your question, you may want to re-ask.. within reason :)
thank you very much :)
yeah I know... but sometime i have terminal and underneath it is an Xchat. then words are into each other. How do you manage that? give me some screenshots of yours let me get an idea!!! :) pls
mark_: I got something like that for eterm, its like terminal camou or something, very kool :)
I think that Xubuntu VM will make a pretty good hack environment...I think I'll keep it :)
Madpilot: thanks, I'll give it a shot :)
nothing there :)
Madpilot: thanks again :)
ToHellWithGA: just just search gstreamer 10 in synaptic and grab all those not ending in -doc or -dbg :)
T1m: always search in Syanptic before compiling :)
ntfs-3g's ntfsresize does the job well - I've never had it go ga-ga :)
IdleOne: thanks :)
mikeo2: cool :)
I think I just got a whole yard closer to ditching windows :)
mrpyrover666: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
mrpyrover666: most people in here are :)
Oni-Dracula: I agree :) How are you running smbpasswd, and what is the error?
astro76, none taken :) im just puzzled by this weird behavior. For me at least. I dont see the i386 version caching so agressively
joanki: 'pride before the fall' and all that :)
joanki: No... but don't celebrate too prematurely :)
i use them to control xmms :)
wastrel, cool... thanks :)
trogdor, I used to run it :)
PokoTao: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
Cool, I got my mouse buttons to work! all of them :)
Sir_Sid, It removes the driver that lets you send sound to your system beep hardware :)
ok, good point :). I'm trying to install Glade on 7.10, but Synaptic says glade-gnome requires glade-common >= 2.8. Unfortunately, Synaptic only has glade-common at 2.12.
IntuitiveNipple, funny that... all the logs are empty :)
oxeimon, Try any of them, since you havn't had any problems before they are likely all good, or just delete your current one and let X figure itself out on its own :)
Talcite, I doubt that you have an itanium server :)
Madpilot: Yes, there are a few annoyances :)
Hi, I just perused the FAQ and forums and couldn't seem to find something that works for me.  On my first gutsy boot I get nothing after "Running Local Boot Scripts (/etc/rc.local).  I suspect some problems with my display settings, but have mucked around with xorg.conf to no avail trying to use both the open source ati driver and VESA.  Is there something I'm missing?  I'm new to Ubuntu, being a gentoo user normally :)
IntuitiveNipple, you know it helps if you specify a username with smbpasswd :)
times1, Check the terminal output ( I am having a problem but it's my own fault :)
darkcrab, "ubuntu" is the default user on a LiveCD, his nick is only Ubuntu because he logged on without changing it :)
Lerris: But, it could affect a less knowlegeable user who would consult the bug reports and get a clue at least :)
ShadowMinds: there's really just a few options for positioning the picture.. gotta live with what ya got :)
Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
joanki: As for the swap-space, to be honest I can't remember what the installer does in guided mode but it should create a swap partition :)
Shoopuf: :)
okay :)
asbani, no i mean use the search box :)
Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
mechdave: I just got a fresh gutsy install :)
mechdave: whats also important things to install such as build-essentail for a new system? :)
Oxeimon: i'm doing a google on it, i work at a pc place so i can help out alot :)
nrdb, Uum yeah, thx :)
Oxeimon: its a 19" LCD Flat Panel monitor :)
asbani: nah i don't think you need to, mine is working perfect as it is, it just seems to sort itself automaticlly for me :)
joanki: If it is the swap you are creating, then the type is swap :)
Thanks mechdave. what you told me did the job :)
arang2: google google google :)
Yowsers: ssh :)
:)
joanki: Time for a cuppa :)
cool :)
briantumor: but give it a try :) if there is only one WM That can be run in a 64mb ram system it diffnently would be fluxbox
fit4lfe: As you can see, this is a large channel. If you're speaking to someone in particular, please put their nickname in what you say (use !tab), or else messages get lost and it becomes confusing :)
bah u gave me bugs :) lol
Kousotu: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
Ubuntu101: more :)
Allenwr: Don't know, I'm a Ubuntu user now! :)
joanki: Yes, it is a GNU/Linux distribution :)
thanks for all the info :)
there you go hendrixski :)
smy1220: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
joanki: wine is an approximation of what windows can do, its not perfect.  Check their site before assuming :)
joanki: pace yourself :)
joanki: makes sense :)
A day? I'm gonna give it 2 hours later this morning to install Gutsy Server on a Dell Poweredge server :)
:))
Geri, Hi, you might want to join #ubuntu-offtopic, this is just the support channel :)
MASTER_OF_THE_CH: maybe you're the first to try :)
Geri, np :)
poningru, I am in the middle of the upgrade :)
extrakick: There are a lways problems, whether issues to do with hardware config, user-misunderstanding, or previous configuration settings confusing updates. You have to remember that people generally don't come here to report a success, only a problem :)
riotkittie, Well, no packages have actually been installed yet, so there is the third choice of backing out entirely and avoiding possible brickage :)
extrakick, Does X restart when you run "glxinfo"? ( don't try it obviously unless you are prepared for X to crash :)
poningru: you just said gnash doesn't work well on all websites :)
Vantage13: hmmm...maybe I installed somethinf extra :) (I have Seahorse installed)
DanMulvey, Install Gutsy :)
josss: so I guess try safe graphics? :)
it just stopped now.  its been running for ages.  all good then :)
us console people have that happen more often :)
Just muted you to avoid the spam, buddy :)
good morning :) i have questions/ 1st how to install 32 bit packages on ubuntu 64 7.1 / 2-nd what is the spell fo making it play DVD-s /
IlanG: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
:)
Vantage13: so is mine :)
Vantage13: cool. enjoy :)
Vantage13:  maybe that's just a placebo effect :)
cyphase: it wouldn't be.  No hardware acceleration :)
riotkittie, It is now randomly able to "calculate the upgrade" again... it'll be a miracle if this works :)
scguy318, You forgot the mount :)
IlanG: nm. you found it. :)
saretta^-^: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
ckw__: Vlet is the correct spell as jotil mentioned :)
puli: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
For any Tribal Wars players out there... I just created UBU (Ubuntu Users) tribe. Feel free to join! :)
Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
adante: no problem :)
gkwong, Not that long of a discrepancy usually but yes, Linux isn't optimized for fast boots as much as windows ( though you don't need to boot nearly as much :)
Hi ubotu :)
:)
hello :)
Anolys 1gb ddr 333 (old) :)
Anolys now I'm on windows, when I tried, only firefox was running (sorry for my english) :)
ok :)
kaminix ok I restart ubuntu and I try :)
murlidhar: If I Recall Correctly :)
knix: ah thanks :)
alright, thanks :)
anolis: what? :)
anolis I'll try to use actual monitor controls, but I suppose that xorg.conf must do it too :)
gharz: 1 second mate :)
nesoi: no, go ahead and edit again :)
:)
nullkuhl: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
Keel - i haven't used it this time :)
bluefox83: sweet :)
nobody has helped me yet. :)
Tigerman: No problem mate :)
I see the bar move left and right and suddenly the screen will become distorted and that's it :)
spnz: /etc/X11/xorg.conf exists, believe me :)
sorry, lavender, getting a bit overwhelmed by the deluge of text :)
cwillu: mdadm was already gone :)
cwillu: ok, well, hope it works :)
cwillu: I will :)
Hello all... i needed Help :)
nanonyme: ummm... what ? :)
_blitz_: maybe a good idea to have a google around, as this subject has ots of info available on it :)
uhmm, so everybody is agreeing that just update-manager gets me to gutsy ;) i'm feeling safer now :) what is it, apt-get update-manager or just update-manager ?
hello, could anyone please help me find out why when I try to start Ubuntu after I've booted the cd the screen just go black instead of starting ubuntu? :)
posingaspopular: and I really wish they hadn't called it dist-upgrade, because it confuses people :)
cwillu: i was getting a BROKEN LINK on gcc.real. so i did a apt-get install gcc-4.1 --reinstall and problem solved :)
abhibera: that's weird;  I just checked half a dozen machines I have, none of them have any gcc.real symlink :)
cwillu: i think that came when i did a apt-get install gcc --reinstall :)
janerik: did I mention it's ctrl alt backspace?  :)
:)
but can't find it :)
nosrednaekim: i want desktop effects :)
cwillu: yea but games do a lot more than that. :)
dystopianray: it worked! thx :)
cwillu: vista idling was using 1.2G of ram, ubuntu using a mere 390m :) good stuff
regebro: no guarantees :)
zilchy, how ? :)
techknow: already in the repos for your installing enjoyment :)
compwiz18: recap it for me... I'm in the dark :)
compwiz18: Yes :) ... I recall something like this from a few months ago... let me trawl launchpad for a few mins
compwiz18: I was thinking more about if VT console's also lose input, but it sounds like it is restricted to input-focus on Gnome. I had it happen a while back but I deal with so many bugs I've got to trawl to find it :)
remus: there is windows wich does not require any brains at all and only the ability to click Next and Finish :)
Tigerman :)
IntuitiveNipple, I'll brb and see if that helps or not :)
:)
I'll try, thanks :)
Siropel, I am not aware that CNR beeing available for Ubuntu at all, I just know they planned, anyway I don't miss CNR :)
murlidhar, yes, CNR for 7.04 :)
dpkg -i cnr.deb :)
zhanx : thanks for tip, I already tried that. Checked again just in case, but it is not there :)
vmware aint slow on my oc'ed quad :)
remus: no offense. sure i did :)
dooglus, what are you getting at? :) Go into prefrences and then power management
toffifee: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
remus : ok np cheers :)
tatters ur spelling is right :)
extrakick: I am not sure... but backup never hurts, ey? :)
oki :)
you should have that :)
anybody know how can I have more than two desktops on ubuntu 7.10 ? I need 4 :)
kritzstapf: where do i set the icon set? i am rather confused.. :)
anybody know how can I have more than 2 desktops on ubuntu 7.10 ? I need 4 :)
:)
ok :)
dooglus:  i see ..so ill wait for my new Mac Book pro then :)
saloxin: kay :)
zirikili: I get the same thing :)
matthew_: well you could prob get away wih just killing the prcoess.. but wheatver you liek :)
Joanki: Almost all, although some things aren't quite as polished when it is used in Enterprise mode :)
shwouchk, sorry, it s funny :)
cratel, you can re-add the panel :)
cratel, you could take a screenshot as the other user and then make your panel look exactly like it :)
i have even 6.06 apperently :)
:) gusty sounds nice
wolferine, at the beginning I was only going for one (/), but soon I found out that that's not too good (in case like reinstalling I have to back up /home.. and then there were couple of things I needed on separate.. so now I have /, /home, /tmp, /boot, /var/lib/mysql and /var/www :)
saloxin: will it do that automaticly? or do I have to do like 10 upgrades manually? :)
shwouchk: only thing i can suggest trying is "noapic" as a kernel parameter... it's the standard suggestion when something that sounds kernel-related goes wrong and one has no clue :)
annabelle: pidgin is not working for you.  :)
flick, woohoo 1000 KB/s! :)
keo92: and, virtualbox uses Qt not GTK :)
mortal1, good for you :)
flick: :)
annabelle: you're welcome (and use tab completion next time... you're still not typing "muszek_", but " muszek" :) )
swill: heh :)
sounds like my install of gutsy is better than most peoples, but i am still having problems.  :)
Paradoxx: usually your eyes blink at a regular interval, make sure it's not those that you're noticing :)
Joanki: sorry I was mean earlier dude :), just go to system->pref->appearance
ebirtaid, :) thank you
usser, help us out then usser :)
saloxin don't worry, I'm trying to figure it out :)
I already patched for david lcd subpixel patch:)
lnknpk04: possibly :)
thanks for the help (even if it is just the bot :) )
GuStGiBB: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
zerodamage - I have the same problem here most of the time :) anyway, go ahead and ask your question again, I'll see if I can help you.
torrentflux can run on my server :)
kevinly, :)
I install using the alternate CD by default now, the graphical installer is crap :)
kjm: that doesnt help lol :)
deadcandance, type the question :)
bsund question :)
Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
One of the most adventurous questions I've seen .. https://answers.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+question/15591 :) Can't answer it though ..
Just wanted to give a big thanks for all helpful people here who puts up with strange questions from newbies. :)) Thank you guys (and girls)!!!
Good afternoon folks :)
Anyone seen any Ubuntu onesies floating around? I'm gonna be a dad on Monday and I want my daughter dressed in the best :)
ah, release week blues :)
PanicByte: But it worked fine in feisty... and i kind of like having 3D :)
Joanki: :)
bulmer: to store password for some email accounts :)
thx :)
bulmer: i just want to store passowrd for access to newsgroup, i don't want to enter it manually everytime because it's a generated one. so i need to store it on password file. pine by default stores it in ~/.pine.pwd, but alpine doesn't. however thx for assistance :)
Jo3: Youre welcome :)
or whatever it's called :)
:)
skotos: sure :)
saloxin, ill take the latter :) how do i do it though
zap0: great! :), it's not that hard as you think :)
oritemis,  thats using the ccsm tool. :)
oritemis,  this has been discussed in #kubuntu quite a bit. :)
ompaul, you're the boss :) 'rambling discussion' is a relative term but... my mistake. I was used to other kind of criteria. Well... sorry again for the offtopic.
mehevi: yea, but I don't know what to look for :)
oritemis,  the bot just pasted it. :) read it.
mehevi: I got no network and I hoped it was some easy way that didn't involve me writing it down :)
anyone know how to actually boot up succesfully from the 7.10 CDROM? :)
mehevi: umm, how :) ?
Dr_willis, but i know what u mean thx ill fix it :))
surviver,  i normally just have the 2nd guy ssh in, and start up vncserver manually. :) then he can start whatever vncclient he likes.
surviver,  install winscp, and putty on the windows box's - MUST have tools :)
surviver,  May want to just set up vnc to autospawn a login  gdm screen then.  You do knwo that vnc has a 'web interface' also? :)
surviver,  it should have it also. I tend to use 'vnc4server'  :) check the web sites for the vncserver and configs it may need to be enabled specificially in the configs
surviver,  its all in how you set up/use vnc. :)
surviver,  ive learned/used/read vnc stuff for ages.. :)
Whamazoom,  i used to. :)  but not now that gutsy is out.
TY Ubuntu team for a well designed OS!!! On my way to convert yet another user :))
darkangel_, backup backup backup and try a fresh install might be a better idea - make sure you have more than one live CD handy :)
gharz: ohhh... then maybe I'm on the right idea here :)
PanicByte: Well... it sort of worked.. but now the framerate it to slow :) i'm starting to think it's the graphics driver
Dr_willis, ok :)) but somehwere i read that i had to pay to use vnc
surviver,  krfb seems to share the currently running desktop. is that what you really want? :)
surviver,  you may want to try 'vnc4server' it has all those features that the realvnc guys want to chage for i thinl. :)
Need some NTFS Gutsy help :)
http://www.puleen.com/archives/120 <--- look at the second picture I posted :)
PanicByte: Already tried them all :) All are the same, but standard (standard is worse)
well, good for me, unfortunately for you I suppose. :)
thanks for your time anyway. :)
OpenGuru: silly question.  Just ask what your question. :)
(that was a typo, not l33t speak, honest :)
scale or expo. i foreget which.. :) i dont like them.
nrp,  thatw what i was thinking.. but that was too obvious. :)
PriceChild: oops thought this was another channel :)
IHK,  thats what sudo is all about. :)
Garoth: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
:)*
arang2: course you could always make /tmp a flash drive :)
i was using 6.10 at work and skipped over feisty, confused the two :)
scguy318: great to have someone try and help :)
Garoth: why ty :)
scguy318: but this channel is too crazy for me... message me if you have something to say. This irc doesn't turn off. :) Thanks again
ATTENTION - Last set of banforwards coming through. Sorry :)
akorn, hmm I don't know why, but you should try upgrading to compiz fusion, ask in #compiz-fusion :)
tw2113: Thanks a lot :)  i couldnt get it to work at first, becouse i tried to extract from smb share :P
nickrud: thanks, il have a look :)
alrighty, then I guess I'll go upgrade...wish me luck, and thanks :)
jnc: looks like I'll go to usenet for that :)
lgc__:  ok, sorry  :)    try gpg
rainwalker, comment them :)
hi, i'm having a hard time installing nvidia... can someone help me out? :)
rainwalker, yes :)
We3Share, #compiz-fusion :)
sbaynham ok :)
picard_pwns_kirk, i want it to work but without the capitalisation on letters :)
thndrempr: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
picard_pwns_kirk,  thanks anyway :)
astro: I know, I just hate to waste another CD if this issue hasn't been fixed :)
lgc__, you can use md5 :)
Mith36, thank you, i'll try :)
neco_77: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
wow this file is massive :)
rainwalker, the problem, is that I told you about 100 times to comment 3rd party repositories :)
Judgegeo: swap , you it's called swap :)
GTroy: I've seen problems with both here, choose your poison :)
Ashfire908, you should look for the complains on upgrades :)
I made a backup from the homedir (tar cvpn something backup.tar.gz /home) and put it back after :)
looking glass, is the thing of SUN invented before compiz :)
Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
andy_s: good idea! :)
newguy: just as well as any other linux distro.   so better than ATI? :)
dell writes sound cards? :)
berlylabs: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
FFMA: just curious :)
thedonvaughn: Thanks for the spelling correction :)
irotas: thanks for your one idea though:)
try xubuntu :)
emailandthings: easy answer is use old kernel :)
zer0-81: doesn't safe mode show the boot process? (it's been a long time since i had to use windows :) )
penguin42: my favorite :)
:)
krazykat: thats probably true. the whole world is upgrade ubuntu right now, you know. :) im getting 40kbytes/sec from whatever mirror im using.
PhilAirtime: lucky! :)
im liking this ubutnu i can pull video and music files off my xp hdd :)
hello dear users :)
stiv2k: but /home is probably busy :)
zer0-81: just as you make a normal vm, just use the iso as the cdrom drive, and boot :)
berlylabs: :)
hey :)
you have wrong depencies :)
:)
There are wrong depencies :)
kousotu, You can tell emerald theme manager to download more, its kind of like a package manager for themes :)
ianm_:riaa :)
kousotu, I am sure there is but I don't know where that is :)
don-o, It won't even start :)
now it maximazes everything in one monitor :)
:)
kkathman, Not unless you want to use emerald for window decoration :)
navaburo,  well I dunno, I just installed it :)
flick, Double click the .deb file :)
Jordan_U,  AHA I installed emerald and got alt-f2 back and title bars :)
eikka,  i got a mx518 also :) i use those extra buttons under games is about all i do with them
ive just downloaded  linux bible pdf :) gonna read it
flick,  its downloaded/piped to the command. its not stored permenetly :)
Dr_willis, thanks got it :)
Hmm..  the !compiz  factoid is differenr in #kubuntu then in #ubuntu :) nifty.
Tip for you Ubuntu users: Screw KDE & GNome , Go into synaptics or type sudo apt-get install xfce :)
uug1,   the official nvidia drivers are in the repos. The are just a tad old. :)  but have fun looking.
Magicroot2: yes it does. :)  goe into system|preferences|appearance then the Visual Effects tab and click on "Extra"
"nothing is free"?? I thought Ubuntu is free! :)
Moduliz0r: why wait :)
navaburo: #compiz-fusion now :)
my quad and 800 gtx does wonders encoding/decoding :)
uugh: you should just be able to use the restricted manager :)
Dumptruck: As you can see, this is a large channel. If you're speaking to someone in particular, please put their nickname in what you say (use !tab), or else messages get lost and it becomes confusing :)
charlie_: xfce is an option :)
:)
flick: that just means its really really good :)
:)
that's it :)
aleka: ah, ok :)
warbler: the vista installer can do that. :)
vista = ME 2.0 :)
