servers are a bit slow :)
function1: it is 4/7 :)
function1: the month :)
So guys, where can I find a changelog for fiesty? See the main changes :)
Hello here :) I'm looking for a way to place the little buttons on the window top bar (the minimize, maximize and close) to the left side instead of the right side, just like mac windows. Is this possible ?
man... I've never seen bittorrent work this well. Downloading the iso... :)
swedekid: and read the site the bot gave you so i won't have to exercise my typing skills so much again :)
toubsu: e296e3468358789904097fc8df29609a, but why would you trust me? :)
god everyone stop downloading fiesty fawn so that I can download at a decent speed pleease :)
Subhuman, thanks :)
cedricshock, sure give him your alternative too, i'm good :)
:)
HeLp! "I added a few lines to my sources.list and now i want to fix this list prob, yes i am a newbie but doing okay so(i installed nvidia video drivers fine :) how does one use vim to delete the lines i added?
:)
:)
RedNeckBoy: Hmm... you should have contacted Michael of Phoronix when you received those news. :)
thanks angel/wastrel, ill check ito ut just wanted to make sure there was hope :)
Stoffer: We could file a bugreport but it propably get very low in the priority list :)
sylvisj: With the login you creating during the install-process. :)
Shadow :)
haha you jerks, I can't even install gnomebaker since the mirrors are thrashed :)
Skygge: Sorry, I confused you with sylvisj. :)
Angeluz: ok :)
foug, the numbering scheme is year.month :)
foug, :)
bimberi, I have the ISO, I just need to burn it :)
KNY: kk :) although note that you can only upgrade from the _alternate_ cd, not the desktop - it's for installs only
generic :  will put in my rt61 and try now :)
thanks a lot with the link :)
armyriad: you don't say :)
bobrik: yw :)
bobrik: LOL, nice :)
Pie-rate: Like a lot of things in the end. :)
nu-: obotu is tired :)
RT61 is working perfectly out of the box :)
feistyman: i fyou keep it up to date then yes, you are already using feisty final :)
Kagaru: Bills multimedia-house runs Linux. :)
gils: no, its already done :)
:)
sldkfj: well, simple enough to replicate :)
Tell: ask away and we'll see :)
this morning, it was 1 day 18 hours. Now it's 12 hours. An hour ago it was 18 hours.  :)
mike1 - ah I could disagree with you there, but I'll save that for some other time :)
Mr_Giraffe: :)
SubMOA: cool :)
wondering: Heh, that would be quite a lot of work :)
That's all, you already have your name :) You can change it via /nick <nickname>
etplayer_fiesty9: i will wait until next week then have ubuntu support step me through it. Thats what I pay them for:)
etplayer_fiesty9: ah ok I gotcha. Yeah it worked with dapper and edgy. So ima just wait:)
Mr_Giraffe - I wouldnt rule it out - but I wouldnt look at it first - dont change something else - it only makes trouble shooting harder :)
foug - lol - sorry :)
duelboot, thanks a bunch :)
homanj: thx. :)
livingdaylight, sweet...if you like to mess with backgrounds... :)
if you go on feeding that troll he might explode :)
hi :)
Neatchee> yay! Thanks guys :)
thank you sir :)
Neatchee> kamen: add/remove programs.  There are several :)
FreeCiv is fun :)
matt__, :) saw something about deps being a bit broken for java 6 on feisty
DigitalNinja, i had a few weirdnesses last 2 days with security, but htat's europe based :)
Stormx2: yes, I think so.  Try it! :)
TheIronChef, look up the mp3 codecs.. what'r they called again. :)
ytsestef, lotsa xorg.conf fiddling :)
Hey - any way to isntall feisty fawn without internet? (or can someone help me get my wireless working JUSt so i can update :) )
ytsestef, go to the www.beryl-project.org wiki and go through the setup details :)
hmmm, how robust is the ipod mini G1, i'm really rough on portable gear :)
so a revision of my question :) - can you UPDATE 6.10 using the altrenate cd? or can you just reisntall it?
matt:  just learned what ntfs-3g was yesterday :)
ok - i'll go torrent with everyone :)
garryfre - i used to be :)
:)
mister_roboto: i'll redownload :)
TheIronChef: eventually you get used to everything just working without being loaded with tons of useless advertising crap (all new windows pc's) and you'll come to love it :)   that is, if you get past the learning curve and can do all the work you need to do
Neatchee> downfallat111: nope.  This'd be it :)
TheIronChef: it's ok to like vista :)
magnetron: I don't think you're rude. :)
How do you mount an sd card?????????:)
BHSPitMonkey: i'm just the messenger, dude :)
deepsa: generally, google is a good friend in such times :)
mister_roboto: okay :)
nice :)
okay i believe it's got so popular that the servers are just fukt and so am i :)
jrib: :)
NickGarvery: no offense to those out there that are very skilled in linux, but those guys in #apache don't seem to like noobies :)
no ' of course :)
okay hell with the upgrade im sticking to edgy :)
fetching file 2 of 1241 at 45 KB/S :)
ShiFTKey: Yes, already ordered mine :)
NickGarvey, thank's :)
clop, I wasn't telling you not to do, that's just what I got through Google. :)
witless it would be great for yourself if you don't cause although it's extremely slow right now, you will be downloading some files at an extremely slow rate. on the other hand, the more people gets frustrated, impatient and kills the upgrade, the more speed i get :)
disasm, cool :)
im gonna throw my 2 x 100mbit boxes on the torrent to help out :)
aoliax: Probably overloaded, or it hit a big package :)
Neatchee> fulat2k: I literally just asked that question when I came in here, so glad to pass on the info :)
aoliax: Then you're still downloading. :)
Neatchee: cool :)  d/lding final release now.  gonna install on my desktop when i get back... yum, yum :)
Neatchee> Pelo: Yeah, I know :)  Can't help but hope that it speeds up soon though :P
god i love bot coders with sense of humor :)
Flannel, I thought it would, but wanted to make sure before I lost it forever :)
i live in Queens, NYC and the only broadband provider in my area is time warner cable and failing to get a connection from comcast i felt unlucky and now i thank god Crapcasr isn't in here :) by the way are you using dsl?
 :)
magnetron: haha yeah, i'm just not sure if i wanna bork my computer or not :)
:)
jrib: only four lines :)
JebJoya: welcome :)
was weird - wireless was working before i made the upgrade to feisty... wasn't last time i shutdown... :)
NickGarvey - seems to just... work :)
JebJoya: oh good :)
it's sorted now, but y'know, thought you might want to know :)
Puppy_: :)
BHSPitMonkey: good call :)
NickGarvey: lucky there don't seem to be many about :)
corporations make your computer affordable :)
:)
come back tomm BILL-GATES :)
BILL-GATES: it's support channel full of wonderful but offtopic intolerant helpers :)
ubuntu (feisty fawn) sound plays out of headphone and external speakers at the same time. An idea how to only get it playing out of my headphones :)
Pelo: yes, i'll confess later :)
seed it :)
kILLu: Thanks a lot. I really hope I get this thing to work and retire windows forever! :)
hey Nick -- again :)
:)
Anyone think Ubuntu will have a problem setting itself up on a computer with 4 sata hard drives? Just putting Ubuntu on one (ext3 the entire drive and partition /home seperately)...think it will install GRUB correctly? :) Debian can't! lol
wobx: I see, thanks :)
getting help in here is fun :)
DARKGuy: np :) hf with ubuntu :>
PresuntoRJ: hey :) Brazil is fklying, cheers dude
kondor101, sadly, yes, the main page needs a big TORRENT button :)
sorry, I reposted on accident :)
pelo- ok.............. :)
Tonren: so everything's working now? :) maybe photoshop was interpreting you're computer as if it were windows or something
kondor101: heh :)
Pelo: Thanks :)
k thanks :)
rellik_: Yes.  Basically, you just have to run "update-manager" twice :)
NemesisD: Yes, indeed.  They are both window managers, and you can't have two programs managing your windows at the same time :)
Pelo - ok i'll look it up or ask around :)
stefg, be silent pls :)  you talking nonsense again!  I told you, i had Grub boot from my 2nd HDD before
sorry knix, i'm too slow :)
taggie, no prob, :)
rellik_: I don't think so.  Also, trying to upgrade your stuff over SSH is a recipie for misery :)
slyfox: you paying attention? :)
eric - welcome :)
now im seeding,  now im giving back :)))
RAOF, yeah, I will try x-forwarding..  not ideal but ok :)
Can anyone please answer my wine question? No one seems to be in the wine channel. Pm me if you can. Thanks :)
RAOF: besides reading binarydriverhowto/nvidia that is :)
hendaus: ok... so your problem seems to be on how to create a torrent, and not really with ktorrent (you could use other clients for that) :)
Pelo, I figured it out!  was easy.  I simply removed grub from 1st HDD, and then "sudo grub-install /dev/sdb" which installs it on my 2nd HDD.  I now dont even need the 1st HDD to load Ubuntu. :)
Vaske_Car : select mirror closest to your home.. :)
roller : thanks :)
Pelo, and I am in awe of your ignorance :)
billy: Ok.  It's just that it's *much, much* easier to use apt instead :)
RAOF: yeah, I know.  ** if only **.  :)
zero88: You can optimize it to your exact hardware, but its not for beginners :)
ajax4 RAOF oh ok,then ill stear clear of that for now :)
rellik, year.month :)
Rkyraccoon55: sounds wacko :)...are you using x?
blrich: Yeah, try the Feisty LiveCD, and possibly just install a Dapper chroot into it :)
RAOF, SuperLag Flannel thanks for your help :)
gecko: I'm from Poland, so it's rather distant from there :)
Rkyraccoon55: I mean your little "ticks" in the boxes in there :)
anyone want to recommend me some cool aps??? /msg me the apps :)
EverythingEvil2: VERY NOTaccelerated :)
EverythingEvil2: seems from the bot that I should just wait and see when the servers are not under such heavy attack :)
EverythingEvil2: guess I'll wait a few days then :)...see you round mate
EverythingEvil2: but guess I should be going to work :) - have a nice day/night!
Diabolix - ( i am a windows convert :) )
EverythingEvil2: hehe...it's sorta cool...here its 06:33 AM :) but sleep tight when you get there :)
EverythingEvil2: sounds like I should just try :)
Tarkus: Yes.  Just right click on the .iso, and select "Burn to disk" :)
> some people say 4x but that's a bit too slow for me :)
k-edgy: np :)
I see :)
deCon, to a DVD.  :)
deCon, just be really sure to read everything carefully, as in, don't tell it to format /home.  :)
billy, sorry, wrong person. :) /opt is in Root - which the file manager in Ubuntu called File System
Madpilot, :)  I'm sorry dude.   /opt really, truly honestly isn't there.  Can I post a screenshot somewhere?
deepsa: that one a also Xorg :) my laptop has a x1400
deepsa: that one and also Xorg :) my laptop has a x1400
:)
crdlb:  I am planning to buy one. coz my ATI is not supported  :)
darwin: yup, good thing about having a number of different programs, different people have different tastes, and we can all choose the one we like best for ourselves :)
Madpilot, you'll see me flailing around with thunderbird.  pardon my mess.  :)
DARKGuy, right on.  :)
deCon: np :)
fonz_: ubotu is a bot :)
can anyone help me with my USB?  :)  It says I don't have permission to mount it
ny83, Yes, unlike some Proprietary OS's, with Ubuntu Release Candidate means just that :)
oh yeah feisty coming in off my isp mirrors :)
ny83, That it may be exactly what is released :)
mjbrooks, something like that :)
nice:) forgot to come and look
DaSkreech: very :)
there is a ubuntu studio and PS3 one though :)
Noldoaran: yw :)
aussieaubs: yep :)
Thanks for the help :)
neo_: I think there is a channel #ubuntu-es for spanish speakers :)
Andy_242: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
i just downloaded the new ubuntu iso what software do i used to burn an iso in ubuntu? :)
mjallen, There is no real delete key on macs :)
Kubuntu ISO @ 100k/s from a certain server that I wont mention right now.  :)   ...not bad.
Darii, You may want to know that I am using a mac right now :)
Jordan_U, Alright I'll work on it... I'm about go go buy an nvidia card :) Thanks for your help. I might be back.
Darii, That isn't a key, that's a key combination :)
jb: Don't know, but probably alot smoother than my Pentium-3 :)
Crypt: np :)
gr3ml1n, np :)
:)
nu-, yeah, there's no 64bit flash player :)
:)
jussi01, ok, gonna check it out :)
lol :)
which was yanked out from under everyone with php5 :)
hi all :)
bayziders: Yeah, it's awesome :)
bayziders: beryl is no more :)
tristanmike, oh and restart firefox :)
ferret_0568: I don't want to disable that, too much spam :)
tristanmike, np :)
oxygen: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
Donovan_: no, that's what apt is for :)
Ademan, because i want :)
fluid: Workflow ;) it just takes too long, I can do pretty much the same, only slower and a lot more bothersome :)
sorry, that was rude of me :)
can i say hi :) ?
jussi01: FOund it :) Wow, I got so used to apt-get that this is frightening and a disturbing world, downloading from at HP
magnetron, tx for the cd/dvd help :)
zilly6_, it will be better if u are using a k8 kernel :)
ccfiel: It should be yes :)
gharz: k, thans.. i'm off to the forums, these damn irc channels are too frantick for me :)
LaNCeloT_RW: 32-bit :)
dystopianray: ok thanks! i will buy now. :)
jussi01: Nice :)
Kakurady: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
flamebird, i mean button, not version :)
protocol1, np, hope it helps, my x1950 card i will just smash with a hammer :)
:)
babo: Do it the upgrademanager way :)
ikonia_: ok, thanks :)
iknonia ive did it so many times without any problem :)
ikonia ive did it so many times without any problem :)
lol, not really... but it happens while i was trying :)
but its the truth, never happened before... :)
what is currently the best direct connect client for ubuntu? :)
maybe in another time, im not good enough :)
when i started out in 1997 it was slackware 3.0 :)
oh, u are very helpful :)
is there a chan for kernel help? :)
that's the thing about OSS volunteer help. "thou arth inferior, but I shalt helpeth thou.", okay, time to shut up. :)
guillem101, :)
guillem101, it'll be right :)
magnetron: why are you telling me about Automatix? :)
jono: sure. get in line for your requisite lobotomy. :)
orbin: thanks, but now i still don't know nothing about the repositories and such :) are they the same?
Angel-SL: if you have the cd , there is a file there md5, but I see the bot got off his arse :)
guillem101, :)
Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
SubMOA: Nice :) where'd you get it?
LjL: Okay. :)
no, not that bug :)
lieter: ok - my opera does that :) wondering if i was alone
i really wanna get opera working, i love opera :)
lieter, so download the .deb and start off :)
Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
Ty :)
:)
Slart: I have no idea :)
Hello :) I'd like to replace occurrences of text in a m3u file, for example i:\music\ with /dev/hdb2/music ... what command to use and can I create a script ? like a .BAT but for linux, is it a bash file ?
thanks a lot PirateHead :)
alleyoopster, yes, i have read the distrowatch, thx anyway :)
hi all :)
pfft :)
slart : thx man :)
Slart - That's ridiculous.  But thanks :)  So, I did search a little but don't quite get it... I have to apt-get nivida-glx or nvidia-glx-new ?
zaggynl, there is no difference if you keep updating ur beta.. :)
|NewUser|, ah okay, I'll wait 'till the servers are a bit faster again then, I'm not getting any updates atm :)
zaggynl, US .. servers going fine at the moment :) i m downloading from there
LjL, sorry :)
CookedGryphon,  thanks, that gives me something to consume my day :)
angel-sl: this the burn errors :)
angel-sl: your internets are broke :)
Of course, it helps if I spell Feisty... and not the party-like Fiesty... :))
gils: hm google it, bittorrent+nat :)
without starting any flames, why ubuntu over debian? :)
tarzeau, if you end up installing it, come back and let me know how it is - i have a family member waiting to see if she should upgrade or not :)
bimberi: shoot. i already have the regular cd. full upgrade it is then. Thanks !! :)
oktay: i do :)
tarzeau: good for you :)
tarzeau: no sir. i am just an end-user :)
tarzeau: i stopped messing with the OS too much when work got busy :). nowadays i just use the stuff.
slackern: yeah..  could try :)  I bet there are more files missing but hey.. we could try
ytsestef, you bet :)
slackern: cool :)
people of the world, go and digg http://digg.com/linux_unix/Ubuntu_Open_Week_2 :)
bimberi: :)
Anss1, gaim/pidgin weren't designed particularly for IRC. if i were in charge, xchat would be the default client :)
crolle17: it is :)
BrokenLinux: yw :)
atomiku, you're not in the dir are you :)
jrib need a lot of time to read them :)
ikonia_, I know that is the problem. But how do I fix it. How can I resume the upgrade when I can't boot into my system? :)
CompuChip: Mp3 and Movies :)
 :)
sorcerer do you call the Microsoft help desk when you try to install a program that was ported from Linux and is potentially unstable in Windows? :)
bimberi: got xchat, thanks for all your help :)
BrokenLinux: cool, np :)
700 MB @ 500 kb/s takes a long time :)
does the bot do !advocacy ? :)
hello :) i just installed linux and wonder where to set what OS is default? when booting...
LjL: coolio, it's doing something :)
tikka, ok, for a while it kept disabling it on my system automatically :)
So, let's go install my new Feisty system :)
ZeroSystem I think I just told you nonsense. Sorry :)
ikonia, heh :)
I'll go and troll elsewhere :)
is there a lojban room for ubuntu? :)
PriceChild depends on what you want to do :)
southafrikanse: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
CompuChip, not recommended :)
PriceChild better than passwd root :) But why not?
crimsun: that's ok, or you need output of some other command too ? :)
zaggynl: That sounded too easy to be true, trying now :)
PirateHead: if nothing seems essential, you can use fuser -k :)
ahh, biffy clyro, fixed amarok and ubuntu, what could be better?  thanks all, especially LjL :)
moDumass: :)
> :)
Dekkard: after the offical release it should ask automatically :)
parking-: yes. do ls /dev/sd* and you'll understand :)
rohan:  nothing :)
7.04 is working (as you can see) but no chance with compiz or Beryl :)
crimsun: :)
ubotu: i come from a forum where they can't help me anymore :)
crimsun: yes, i am not prodding you again and again :)
southafrikanse: did you check the mixer levels first? :)
mc44: No idea, I have just gotten what the upgrades has pulled in. After upgrading to -14 it stopped booting and I just booted -13 until -15 came out since I thought that would fix it. It did not so now I return here for help :)
woohoo .. feisty is one of the _BEST_ releases of ubuntu ever :)
sterk: xchat :)
I'm out to enjoy my fresh Edgy system :)
mc44: Looking :)
deepsa: nice desktop. hot day hey? :)
jrib, and hy :)
jrib, k:) i ' m quiet noob to linx :p only have it for a week, i know the basics now iam going bit farther :p
mc44, Thanx :) ima Give it a GO :)
Neatchee> Howdy.  I have an NTFS partition mounted through ntfs-3g, and I would like to use a loopback share with it through NFS so that I can use certain write functions (specifically mmap), but I can't seem to get the share to mount.  I keep receiving permission denied errors.  I would appreciate a bit of help here :)
:)
mc44: A few snd_intel8x0 module blacklist warnings but I always have those and they are HARMLESS :)
Neatchee> Howdy.  I have an NTFS partition mounted through ntfs-3g, and I would like to use a loopback share with it through NFS so that I can use certain write functions (specifically mmap), but I can't seem to get the share to mount.  I keep receiving permission denied errors.  I would appreciate a bit of help here :)
Neatchee> Howdy.  I have an NTFS partition mounted through ntfs-3g, and I would like to use a loopback share with it through NFS so that I can use certain write functions (specifically mmap), but I can't seem to get the share to mount.  I keep receiving permission denied errors.  I would appreciate a bit of help here :)
:)
nox-Hand: hmm. I dont know. are you sure you are on the newest kernel? :)
mc44: Indeed. I am tryong to edit the uuid to a /dev line :)
jshriver, then you're farther ahead than I am :)
h0ax, just get it off metasploit man :)
no im straight :)
Yo. How can I tell gnumeric not to simplify out "1937/13" into "149". Just leave it in its original form? Hoow? :)
Much better :)
Maybe someone here knows how to do this, I am downloading an ISO (Ubuntu Feisty 64) --- I have downloaded 694,000 out of 792,000 -- and I *really* dont want to restart the download, is there some way I can do this? :)
Well I used firefox originally but I am welcome to use anything to get the last part of the file :)
hello :) I have a little question: could anyone point me to a good lightweight IDE to program in perl (no emacs and such for me)?
Rug_: I see ....thanks for your precious time :)
i really think etch is better:) did not gimme ANY probs....
soundray: Okay one second mate :)
garryFre: indeed it's not very lightweight, but it's still maybe worth a try :)
soundray: why yes it is :)
hey guys, buildning a library for Rhythmbox is painfully slow, im on track 1500 out of 40.000 now... whats the deal?:)
Thanks, SlimeyPete. :)
hanzomon4, ok, i'll google it :)
acidtabs,  you may want to check out  UrbanTerror also. :) its free
I have a fresh install of ubuntu, my sound does not work yet.. i have a mixer and a device for alsa and oss.. how can I make it work :)
LjL,  perhaps they all got used up. :) heh heh... odd.. that does sound like a dns server issue.
tokyoahead, maybe add an sudo before that line :)
First time here. Looking for partition support due to the new partition interface. Please help out:)
First time here. Looking for partition support due to the new partition interface. Please help out:)
i hope that gizmo_the_great1 :)
well what the heck, nobody ever told me that :)
LjL, but he's going to be talking to those guys :)
soundray, already there :)
Wow, I guess it's a bit busy with Ubunty problems rigth now. :)
www.google.com :)
voraistos, good job :)
ok so Ive just started using ubuntu , i didnt take long untill i found a problem. my screen wants a resulution 1680x1050-60Hz , any suggestions? :)   system->PRef. ->screen res. did not help me :(
hi feisty 64 bit and nx6125 laptop being used here :)
That is an insulting bot :) I have over 30 years in computer systems :))
ok so Ive just started using ubuntu , i didnt take long untill i found a problem. my screen wants a resulution 1680x1050-60Hz , any suggestions? :)   system->PRef. ->screen res. did not help me :(
sorry :)
Hi again :)
i check the version by mc :)
kahrytan,  lots of work :)
babo: the comfort of your own home :)
erUSUL, NVIDIA says I should use the NON LEGACY but wehn I put non legacy on, the XORG says oh no u picked the wrong driver m8 u need the LEGACY :)
kahrytan: i'll give it a go and see what its like :)
vox754: :)
erUSUL: I expected them to be there too :) But didn't see them... the first time I looked. Now I do. I'm not drunk, I promise ;) ust blind
innervision  dunno :)
soundray, thanks man :)
soundray: its still working :)
:)))
hey i still don't see a link.. send again :)
silver6, argh that's gone... well yeah all mirrors are slow :)
Hi, was just wondering if there is a way to install ubuntu with only xserver all setup and maybe gnome but not all the programs that I dont need so I can install only things I want... Is the best way to do that to in stall server edition and install xserver? TBH I dont even want gnome I use evilwm. :)
rambo3: Thanks :)
bluefox83: yep i've noticed that.  i turn it off for movies :)
nVidia GeForce 8800 GTX :)
bluefox83: it'll get there. but for now, its only a button to click at least :)
erUSUL: want it in pastebin? :)
PriceChild: Meh, i'm considering getting a new pc with that card. :)
Kragnerac, ah :)
eck, ok, I gonna test deluge first :)
rogue780|laptop: np :)
erUSUL: hanvet been linuxing for a long time almost 3 days now :)
Bo7a: Ok, not prob for me then :) sorry for you though.
pricechild: :)
I installed OpenSSH and I want change some text, which displayed after the succesfull login from another PC. In which file can I change it? Thx :)
PriceChild: drop shadows always seemed like the main reason for the whole thing :)
ie: perhaps there is a way with a lot of work to go back to xorg 7.1 :) or something far out that i havent thought of.
dv_: or the kde components (kparts I think?) that make konqueror so very very nice to use :)
ikonia, best you leave it alone please :)
cliebow_: I've definitely had burn errors when writing at high speed, and if you are ever going to notice errors it will be on install discs :)
I nees asistance instaling a evodo modem with drivers in feisty?:)
 I need asistance instaling a evodo modem with drivers in feisty?:)
compengi: yes, it has the word "feisty" instead of "edgy" in the repos names :)
Gunrun: i'd say so, if they know how to :)
 I need asistance instaling a evodo modem with drivers in feisty?:)
ForzaPalermo: that's a swap partition :)
Eskim0: edit /etc/fstab    sorry :)
god luck DesertEagle :)
question: can I upgrade from cdrom using the regular cd (not alternate)? if so how :)
:)
Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
Lowe: true.. i was trying to avoid rebooting right now :)
VSpike: ok :), i've no idea...
np :)
furu: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
mpfeif101: thanks a lot :)
mpfeif101: please paste it on pastebin.com :)
jshriver lucky you :)
southafrikanse, that's all i can think of (whoops spamming channel :)
I have an empty (old windows D:) ntfs partion on my main hdd, how do I format it to ext3?
Jordan_U, was just looking into xargs for an option :) would even be able to replicate the directory structure :)
You did,  I got the message :)
I've been using hibernate on wife's lappie but she's sick of how slow it is :)
fathefner, ntfs-3g, remember? :)  it works great
PriceChild: tx a lot :)
Scunizi: I found a solution to my problem, a very good one. idjc (Internet DJ Control) is an *excellent* streamer that supports ShoutCast :) I am running JACK on top of dmix in non-realtime, high-latency mode (which is OK for this application) to host the stream. http://sheltered.hobby-site.com:8000/listen.pls :D
<delire>, thanks that looks great :)
beryl looks better :)
tunganet, Yup, just a checkbox :)
what_if, no :)
Seveas: oh, well hi :) and TY for the edgy version, spot on :)
Jordan_U: it would be hard for me to mess up the upgrade right.. i am really scared :)
Rictoo, do you only ask questions, or do you also look at the answers? :)
PlanetPenguin :)
Scunizi: going home :) seeya later
:)
hmm ok :)
xtknight: because, i changed in fstab and grub`s menu.lst and now kernel not booting. i want to change it back again :) dpkg-reconfigure not worked..
adam: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
Xyon, Install with the alternate install CD, no GUI == no problem installing :)
:)
Blubloblu: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
Rictoo: might be, but it won't be good to do :)
Enselic_: thanks man :)
kerik, please read the topic :)
kerik, sort of :) Please be patient
PriceChild: but actually right now it is downloading pretty heavily..maybe it will work next time..thanx anyways :)
nuOpus:  :)
:)
hello, i upgraded to feisty, now i can't boot.... it installed raid, but I don't have raid. I am at rescue prompt, how do I turn off raid/madm or whatever? :)
hello, i upgraded to feisty, now i can't boot.... it installed raid, but I don't have raid. I am at rescue prompt, how do I turn off raid/madm or whatever? :)
crzyboon: hmm don't realy know ... i tought it plays anything :)
hello, i upgraded to feisty, now i can't boot.... it installed raid, but I don't have raid. I am at rescue prompt, how do I turn off raid/madm or whatever? :)
burning my first CD on ubuntu :)
hello, i upgraded to feisty, now i can't boot.... it installed raid, but I don't have raid. I am at rescue prompt, how do I turn off raid/madm or whatever? :)
crzyboon: then sorry for my answer :)
it goes through md: raid messages, then hangs trying to find the root file system (can't find root file system).  there is no raid on this laptop, so not sure why it is loading raid "stuff" :)
i just went through the upgrad process from edgy and now it thinks it is a raid computer :)  how do I remove the modules that / reconfig it ?
slackern: what do you see i dont see? i mostly see people confirming the problem.. its huge though and i run on 640x480 right now... :)
oh ok :)
Gunrun: there is, didn't find that link so fast :)
kzm: oh hehe thats just the regular pastebin site, no idea why it's .nl though :)
starman: yes, lots of things, but not what you describe. :) even a tarball would be prone to resizing on changes. (unless the file content sizes were the same before and after)
arthur_kalm: it's ok, I knew where to look :)
AATDark: sudo :)
kzm: hehe well this x1950 card is no joyride, trust me about that, i would toss it out for a nvidia card any day :)
Shoeb: :)
ulf_am_beat: where are you from? :)
kzm: share it with Notchnick  he has the same problem :)
