Ranbee: glad to hear :)
eck, i'll try this beep program, thankx :)
thx :)
LjL: agree :)
lmosher, Do you just want the overview? A full changelog on all of the packages would be verrrry long :)
czesc :)
miranda82: is your sound card enabled from bios? :)
Doctor_Nick, I don't think there is a torrents.ubuntu.com to be down :)
belux, no probs nice one:)
cedric, thanks for you help - much appreciated :)
miranda82: sorry for asking again, but are you sure it's enabled from bios? :)
got about 5 liveCDs :)
miranda82: :) beleive me or not, i was going to suggest that
miranda82: now, do you happen to have some experiences with tv tunners? :)
I just got lircd working on my avermedia  studio infrared V chuffed :)
lirc expert wanted :)
hi - does anyone have 2 mins to help me with my feisty install please? i'm trying to install it on a dell xps m2010, trying to boot into the live cd, the default install option just ends up with the computer shutting down, the vga options just fail to start the x server - i have an install of edgy on the machine already which has never caused any probs!any advice gratefully received :)
xilly: thanks for googling for me anyway :)
Enselic_ : np :)
g35 - yep and Im sure Im not the only one :)
jasin: yeah, unfortunately I can't offer any advice on fixing it...bugs me too.  but hey, at least you're not alone :)
:)
covOPprometheus, well then I guess you can only wait :) or try to fix the package.
eck: hmm..thanks anyway.. i'll see if it helps..:)
eck, :)
TokenBad: i beleive you, strange that the installer doesn't htough :)
TokenBad: probably :)
concept10 - cant say Ive had that troube but that may have more to do with the websites I use :)
ahh.. batter dead :/ finnish arg next time :)
johnsonwe, Right here :)
eck, it takes care of most of the parameters that people screw up :)
Add Remove :)
johnsonwe - ah one of the easy wireless questions... :) - gve me a moment
and 1 last thing (i hope) :) -- what is the correct term \ command to install a media player software, for winam
for example? :)
koala, google it :)
mava, si pero en ingles :)
radioaktivstorm, great getting rid of that is good :) make sure to uninstall kubuntu-desktop package
radioaktivstorm, well errors happen :)
ryanakca, well that is not a server :) and I suggest you attach a monitor cause that's the only way your getting into that box.
:)
budmang1, Your in it :)
duelboot, nop that was a joke :)
eck, tnx for the explaination :) i watch now
FernLujan: sorry just checking the command :)
good evening all, I suppose we are talking Feisty tonight :)
cpar2 - whats a feisty? :)
mjr - gonna need a new card - - oh and well volunteered to help FernLujan out with his install :)
Next steps please? :)
mjr: ah k roger, my mistake (don't know much about ati drivers) :)
bofh80 - if they didnt come back - assume whatever you said worked.  that makes you a good person.. :)
:)
Whiz2, that's quite amusing :) musta been a real debian enthusiast :D
fenris, oh :) well ok. err i'm not sure :) but at least your using the correct driver now :)
ok :)
hm, just "apt-get install beryl" or what? :)
hector, what video card do you have? :)
fenris, it wouldn't matter, it would just take a little more time :)
cpar2, but it's not the full package :)
fenris, yes that happens here too, their generic isn't that great :)
:)
fenris, oh, ok :)
ajehuk: okay, I think you right on earlier :)
robbie_crash, I'm trying to get a program compiling here and it did seems that dbus changed something cause it's not working :)
ceil420, I'm sure that would be a great move for marketing :)
HasratUSA, and i think that's groovie :)
thornomad: no prob :)
program is "fbida", if you dl the tar.gz, you can check for yer self :)
lufius: i will now :)
:)
Crema10, no, you don't need beryl :)
reazn: let me do that now, please cross your fingers for me, here goes nothing  :)
wickedpuppy: roger that, I'll be more self-sufficient :)
cpare: hello :)
:)
fenris: yep... the selling point of vista for free :)
reazn: ok then, i'll give it a shot.. got nothint to lose, thanks man :)
lufis: plus the stylish apple-cube :)
fenris: yup :)
Which package is it talking about? How do I update it? :)
hi michael :)
:)
Jordan_U: I see it, thanks! :)
crdlb : thanx :)
thanks slyfox :) I will do so (boot from live cd and do it from there)
Hess:  thanks for replying, at least i know someone seens this now :)
:)
lol thanks :)
eck, it has a eula, so probably not :)
just installed 7.04 on my desktop. very happy :)
vox754: Thanks, I already have a 1 GB swap from edgy. :)
malik__: Yeah that definately depends on what type of audio/vido :)
atlantia: yeah envy is not good w/ fiesty for now. I just spend about 3 hours fixing what forcing envy to install on fiesty did to my poor, poor system :)
lmosher, running now, i'll guinea pig it for ya at least :)
Leftmost: enjoy your 354 updates :)
seamus7, nope not yet, ill try later, thanks :)
:)
fatman2, nobody asked :)
its classic bully behavior...stop payin attention, and they stop bullying....worst case, at least youve stopped caring :)
pppoe_dude: yes, but when I'm online (with an ethernet cable) my friend's gonna try to fix it via vnc :)
pppoe_dude: either that or we'll just make a fing password for it, it'll probably work with just a password hehe, but I'll find out this weekend, thanks for the help too :)
witless: np :)
eck: ate least i thnk so :)
eck: thank you i will try again :)
i'll give that subpixel thing a try although i really think it's my eyes :)
eck, yeah, it worked :) thanks
nibsa1242_, In Feisty just install bcm43xxfwcutter and it will automatically download and extract it to /lib/firmware for you :)
binMonkey, I don't think so ( but I would just use the native broadcom drivers myself :)
binMonkey, Yup, and so did dapper and Edgy :)
, Sorry :)
Pelo: funny.....:)  want to be able to use the accelerated 3d graphics.  Otherwise I'd just put winxp back on it.
Thanks :) I just ordered me some feisty CDs to try it out
just 80, ok thank :)
"ubuntu" filter on freenode chan list returns 143 channels... thats krAzy!!  :)
Thx sartan motd was just what I was looking for :)
edrews: you can replace it yourself right now if you want :)  originally there was a project, luminosity, i think, that was a modified metacity to support composite.  but then dave (methinks) started from scratch on compiz and iirc it uses glitz libraries for the gl stuff, tho i am not authoritive on this stuff
that's pretty clear, ubunte :)
ohh ok :)
Bsims, Flannel: not many so many, pretty basic install... an estimate? :)
:)
bucko, Break it :)
bucko,  it can do some very bad things. :)
stellaras, Yes, you can then :)
thanks :) 7.04 ROCKS
neilthereildeil: Yeah... enable muntiverse... It shows up just fine here :)
go muine :)
Jimbo think i got it :) UUID=theid   /mount/point ext3 defaults 0 0
fak3r, Generic :)
wastrel, thank :)
Can someone recommend a good ftp server :)
I suppose I could run fakeroot :)
|ringo|, I don't think anybody would object to ubuntuguides ( as long as you check the wiki first :)
lol, slackers  :)
fak3r: :)
feistyman, I don't :) If you give me a link to one though I can try, I have many different players installed already
nicole: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
ceil420, Be careful, if Gutsy had a candidate you would have just upgraded him to it :)
yoz, Because vi is like that :) use nano, it is much more intuitive.
Keddanonymous, A new version was just released a few days ago, perfect timing :)
rickfdez, When it says "install or run Ubuntu" the OR is important :)
kosnick: I don't think so, but it would be a good idea :)  (That, and, say #ubuntu-wireless, #ubuntu-ati, etc.)
overshard, I like the Feisty boot splash for once :)
Decodes a Musepack file. :)
NickGarvey - That just takes me to another workspace with more stuff on it :)
PurpZeY, good luck :)
Cotton: Rain is on that setting manager (beryl-manager) under Extras>Water Effects>Rain :)
Doctor_Nick, np :)
:)
cafuego: thanks. Installing vim did the trick. :)
gasper: read the help document, it's pretty easy :)
NickGarvey: yeah I found it, works perfect :)
MoxJet: oh good :)
Azureday, Sorry, ignore that last comment :)
hamp_, Try running democracyplayer in a terminal ( and don't use Automatix again :)
upgrading from a previous version of ubuntu still considered risky? :)
please :)
If you're still having trouble after unplugging stuff, try passing acpi=off in the boot loader to the kernel.  ACPI locks up cranky systems too. :)
sohum: if you "trust" me :)
thank you anyway :) aarmenaa
Thanks :)
MoxJet: i'll say htop then just to be different :)
:)
Yes thanks Fujitsu :)
orbin, No, basically that was the driver telling you you didin't have the firmware it needed, now you do :)
:)
PurpZeY: :)
jussi01, thanks! I will buy it from amazon :)
> :)
fujitsu, i was talking about distributions - windows and gnu/linux as I see them. can't care less if actually the underlying windows kernel and linux have to support the cards :)
oops 160gb seeded since last night, wonder how isp's bandwidth looks after this ubuntu release :)
freakabcd, I just wanted to be sure that you didn't thik that because the packages were there that you could go back to Edgy after the upgrade :)
underwatercow: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
underwatercow: It should have :)
spankstar-ubuntu: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
mjbrooks, right.. but for ubuntu specific help, there is nothing else :)
mjbrooks: yeah.. hehe it doesn't help much does it? :)
Liber: we were all new once :)  no you should see a set of info for eth0 and another for l0
SubMOA: np :)
bye.. rebooting then going to bed :)
aatdark: lol. linux obviously :)
it's that simple :)
Huffalump: well, I don't tend to check 'the news' frequently, at least not that which pertains to Ubuntu releases :)
Huffalump, bgrupe: thanks though, I'll check back in October. :)
fortitUs: fine by me :)
fortitUs: I don't know if iTunes is available for Linux, but I do know that XMMS or Audacious are great players. If you require MP3 support, you should ask Google, there's allot available :)
moDumass: Samba is the solution :)
moDumass: there are allot of guides around :) - Google for 'Samba' and you'll be fine.
xq: Thanks :)
aldin, Thanks :)
aldin, :)
aldin, thanks a lot :)))
mrcreativity: is Xubuntu next? :)
Dave123, cheers :)
peteremc1, it sounds like just a confidence issue for you.  you understand the tool.  trust all the people who say it works great :)
zunbeltz: just make sure to change the default session to gnome :)
Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
foxiness:  I have vmware workstation 6 (latest build), and now installing a virtual machine :)  so vm server should work fine :)
Paul_UK: nice :) i think i will do the same thing later
LjL, I see. thanks:)
and the link on the desktop allows me to browse my vista install (C:)
Heroin: heh. i am tempted to say 'duh', but will resist :)
rambo3: true... :)
first time i use it, its normal for me to be a newb :)
Paul_UK: don't know then, maybe someone else can help, but be sure you mention it's a windows share when you repeat your question in a bit :)
:)
kerik: tell me about it :) i found where the postinstall script exits but i don't know what's wrong: for some reason the script cannot execute successfuly the "db_version 2.0" line
jinzo: paste it anyway :)
Paul_UK: I believe this user had a similar problem if you would like to read: http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=213824 .  Use what works best for you of course :)
Erebus: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
Ianman: :)
Blubloblu: I have had the very same thought a lot of times :)
IT'S BOOTING yay :D lilo worked :)
Blubloblu: sounds like a good thing to know just before I am about to update :)
sixth: Give Compiz a try :)
thanks :)
Good luck! :)
pjesi: that looks like a nice tell-nothing error, granted :) let me fiddle
:) no problemo
please help me. :)i want to remove the upper and lower panel of my gnome? what is the command?
slimaq: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
Lorvija: Do a quick google search for hosts.deny :)
LjL: well that's my second time i left with no gui :)
please help me. :)i want to remove the upper and lower panel of my gnome? what is the command?
tarelerulz: so it works :) whats the problem
LjL: LOL nice command and short too :) sec
Or just add EVERYTHING and just add selected hosts to your hosts.allow :)
LjL: you are right, now it is down to a syntax error :)
sivaji_2009: I am searching, patience :)
cherva: no - and honestly i refuse to install that evil proprietary stuff :)
LjL : :)
pjesi: i somehow suspect that editing those files manually wasn't what they had in mind, but i don't know what tool is supposed to be used :)
LjL not shure whait i'll make it again :)
Huffalump: hehe I see :) thanks for the help!
velko, good info! I'll boot of gparted and see if it helps. Thanks :)
Huffalump: hehe I know, I don't really like it.. but at least it's familiar and don't require major operations :)
delire: thanks for the link. I am investigating... :)
SFA_AOK, thanks :)
:)
LjL : :)
ytsestef:  :)
niekko, you're most welcome :)
patience, xukun_ :)
And, will mysql take alot of CPU-time? :)
mrmonday: :)
can someone help me install php please :)?
jrib: not yet, no, will do so now :)
jrib: that seems to have worked. live can be easy sometimes :)
linoleum: no problem :)
compwiz18: not more than I am now.. :) thanks for help! I try! brb
duelboot: use precut firmware :)
xukun_ you lost me :)  Can you rephrase that?
davidosa: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
kisho1: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
xtkngiht: Ok, thank you very much. :)
chrissi I've successfully updated on my desktop... Internet connection kept it together long enough :) Just Laptop with the problem!
askar: I have to go, sorry.  but good luck with it :) if it makes you feel any better, my card is dead too.  restricted-manager denies the existance of my ATI card and I've spend quite a while playing with it...
xtknight: Ok, thanks. :)
i thought so :)
xtknight: Thank you very much. :)
Uhm, does Ubuntu run somekind of firewall without me knowing? :)
aeonix: np :)
velko, ok :)
velko, I have that book btw, you can just give me the page number (unless you want everyone else to know) :)
BeBraw: so, what did you do to fix it? :)
oh, you weren't actualy asking me something delire. sorry :)
Tom47, I am plagued for days with this.  Thanks though :)
Whtiger: devolution :)
fiery_cleric: i found it :) sorry for noob-questions... :)
delire: ok, np :) will I be able to install the drivers I had with Edgy in Feisty? might work for the time being
fiery_cleric: thanks, as you can see, It works now :)
Batty|Laptop: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
delire: my isp appearantly has a bunch so its always changing.. will try ping now :)
hak5fan:  ah.  hm.  I don't know of a way to do that. :)
:)
hordur: wasnt me... :)
Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
vega__: maybe so, but i've been really good at making black screens! :)  do you know of a gui to do it?
vega__: Thanks. :)
delire: I had to recompile it myself :) but it works. how do I submit bugs?
askar:  remove that one. :)
askar:  rock on! :)
askar:  not a clue. :)
:)
Tom47: I'll DEFINITELY go get that... :)
Beliar: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
Hello guys :) At boottime feisty loads the pata_it821x driver. I'd like to pass a module parameter to it, how would I do that? Adding "options pata_it821x noraid=1" to /etc/modprobe.d/options didnt do the trick for me.
hello. I'm new in linux so please explain in detail if you know an answer to my problem. :) if I activate the desktop effects the borders of windows disappear and I can't close, minimize, maximize, resize etc. I have ubuntu 7. please help. this happened after I modified the supported resolutions...
thanks fixed :)
Stinge1 - Sure, I am new to IRC (seriously :) ) so what do I do?
:)
RJ-4945, no. follow the instructions in the private message, please :)
RJ-4945, no you didn't :)
demo_, stay in channel please :)
IndyGunFreak: thanks :)
fsck came back to life again :)
omfgitsdo, just ask :)
omfgitsdo, just tell the installer to use the free space, and not the entire disk.  :)
kk :)
omfgitsdo, the installer -will- format it.  :)
xtknight, thx.  :)
:)
ircursor its a laptop so i sorta need the power managament :)
yeti, debian is not ubuntu. Do not use debian packages on ubuntu :)
SRed13: That's how adventures are made. :)
nope, nobody has. :)
Derek__, well tell me your device ill tell you the driver :)
ChrisF, glad to help!  :)
thx ubotu :)
amicrawler: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
antidrugue - i'm just getting programs... not ubuntu :)
xtknight but there are so many in america :)
wiglaf, ur welcome. :)
:)
ScottSatkin: thanks :)
Thats wierd.. i cand of dont want to log in a root for those small things :)
apokk: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
soothsay, okay thanks man :)
verb3k, just ask, don't ask to ask :)
LjL : i will relaunch IRC in my working Linux box, then ill copy you the link :)
PriceChild: Thanks :) I will do some research to discover that ...thanks for the time
yeah, i know i'm in the wrong room to ask this :)
ceil420: yeah I know, that's why I asked server too :)
Atan, i don't see why it should be more complicated than that :)
ompaul is there any way how i could do that via the GUI of the deb package manager? (i just use#d your serach string and it showed me tons of libraries :) )
:)
ah....   ompaul  thx man...  don#t know why i didn#t see that one :)
antidrugue - is there any way to tell esily what services i don't needd? (i'm still new to ubuntu :) )
auridius, well, it's the thought that counts i guess :)
vox754: the only lawyer I'd ever need is one to convince people that I'm smart enough to be permitted to live :)
is there a guide for desktop effects :)?
magnetron_ im just wondering if thats normal or if im espeically slow :)
magnetron_ so what speeds are you detting :)
magnetron_ grr :)
:)
:)
gnomefreak, okay thanks alot :)
Frog29, then ping the servers manually :))
thanks a lot :)
kalam2007: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
LjL: ok, no prob :)
kalam2007: no worries :) glad to help
Krige^: when you do that, they become active.  The 'iptables -L' command will let you verify that.  To set it up so that rule is permanent, see the link from ubotu :)
There'll be a quiz in #ubuntu-trivia in 30 minutes from now - once again, the prize is 5 stickers (your choice of Ubuntu, K, X and Edubuntu). The topic for the day is python, the quizmaster is theCore and the sponsor is... me ;) Do come in great numbers :)
theCore: 1 hour 30 minutes :)
jenda, better :)
jenda, ah, I just saw your correction, sorry then :)
okay :) i am not sure what i need. i want to encrypt my hdd..
niriven: no, I said I was running amd64 :)
thanks you guys :)
rcohi: 2GB :)
xtknight: Thanks for the fast redirection :)
Thanks for you all :) I really appreciate it
i need help :)
radar1976, i think you'll have to do a fresh install - but verify that with someone else first :)
anyway,could someone come in pvt to help me plz? with all these ppl i going crazy :)
jrib, hy remember me :) had some probs yesterday with my system, now i want to know some little info i want to know some commands how i can repair a broken system .. sonthing like what they call in windows system recovery
crow, good :)
Huffalump, ahhh :)
makkk, ah, I think that's what I was using. had it doing local backuos :)
:)
and fiddling a bit with it. :)
:)
Zorlin, ok! :)
Zorlin, Thanks again. This channel scrolls so fast by when I'm in 640x480 mode, that I wrote down the command too fast... and got it wrong. Will try again! :)
thx for your help :)
knt: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
turn it off, set to 4, then turn it back on :)
Zorlin, Ok. :)
jasin: right :) (anyway i use to map ports on router)
furthur, thanks for at least responding :)
I have from update the option to upgrade to 7.04... I will do it now :)  I'm backing up everything, what do you thing guys?
randomwalker, #ubuntu-offtopic for that please :)
thank you :)
thanks all, i'll get them all installed now:)
thanks for the tips:)
vera: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
ScottSatkin: :) Thanks for the hint, here I go.
ardchoille, working on it :)
Seveas: Cool, thank you :)
PriceChild: I have been allowed to :)
PriceChild: 3 messages a week isn't too bad, is it? :)
Agrajag: I don't know, that is why I'm asking :)
imacrp0n:best beer:)
stefg, ubotu and deserteagle - thanks! will try that. :)
PriceChild: Ok. :)
CPrgmSwR2, I did know, and that is offtopic, #ubuntu-offtopic please :)
if noone were bugtesting, evolution would stop :)
:)
carlhempel, thanks again. firestarter did the trick :)
Horscht, how you coming along? :)
I could try to help you :)
eck: :)
madp3ngu1n: Don't ask to ask a question. Just ask your question :)
livingdaylight, You mis understand. They are making CNR for use ubuntu. we're not working with them afaik. Go ask them :)
livingdaylight, No. you still don't understand :) That is 3rd party software which will be availiable for users. We don't support it.
fade_: What's update-manager? :)
jrib, if u remember me :) i had some probs yesterday but now its back fine, got little question is there a command or sonthing to recover ubuntu or an os
jrib, well i fixed it by just reinstalling the whole system :) but now i only need to install wine again .. so what i was trying to do was recover the system so wine wouldnt be deleted :)
fade_uk - just stay away from beryl/compiz then :)
soundray: I'm online, so I can vnc, but I'm waiting for my friend to get on so he can tak control of my comp and assess it like that :)
fade_uk hmm - strange, - but without access to the same config I wont comment :)
jrib, well u helped me a lot last days :p :) thx for that :)
jrib, well it depends iam using 64 bit system and it only works for 32 bit system but there are fixes ;) so np :)
ajehuk, yes u always check before u open it as a root :) so in some way it is :d
ajehuk, nvermind :p i get it :)
ajehuk, :)
archangelpetro: No worries :)
You're welcome :)
aldin: hi :)
now that feisty is released, time to switch to Gutsy :)
OOnull00: Never apologise for being new, we all were new at one point :)
What program is recommended for hex-looking/writing of files? Programs like WinHEX but for Linux :)?
yeah i meant on the web or irc :)
Enselic__ I cant see anything :)
soundray: yeah that would be too much bandwidth going back and forth :)
chn: 19th :)
so www.ubuntu.com :)
chn: I might be asleep then :)
@ argesarg, maybe :) it could lag.. if not, dont take care of it :)
you can make sudo not foget passwords using timestamp_timeout=-1 :) i've been trying to figure out how to do that for ever
ompaul,  :)
hello :) I'm having some trouble setting up my mouse... I'm following a guide, but things are way different :P Anyone cares to help?
oh, it worked with -R for me :)
