Ashfire: I was actually locked into the virtual machine and couldn't figure out what the escape key was :(
Ashfire908: there isn't one :(
:(
Keule|on: I want to help you but I don't know the answer. :(
agwells: Your problem is beyond my beginner's competence... I don't know how to tweak your system to get your USB devices to work properly. Hopefully someone else will know.  I need to go now.. :(
gavintlgold: that's a bit beyond my competence. :(  I'm still rather newbie-ish myself. At worst case, reinstall ubuntu.
tag: you're telling me :(
hmm, can't find any wireless PCI cards that work out of the box to buy in sweden :(
it looks so far away :(
:(
ALCS? :(
:(
hmm :(
i feel great :(
MySpace is poor :(
oh :(
mlalkaka: nope :( still end up at bulletproof X
:(
Berzerker: hmm, your original issue, I dunno :(
anyone? :(
oh :(
thx, I had a drive go bad on me :(
Steven: nvidia-glx-new wont load for my GeForce 6800 :(
rb2: i've used kubuntu for years.. i even switched to ubuntu for the (supposedly) automatic desktop effects and all i got was the shaft (again) :(
ashfire908: getdeb.net had 2 packages for it, simple install, but its gone now :(
nope :(
i did :(
:(
chowmeined: so no eye candy for me :(
Falstius: yea, i suppose...hurts to think people fall for it :(
I was hoping I'd be typing in this channel from ubuntu, but the disk partition utility on the install CD bugged out :(
I need help with getting my windows partition resized so I can install ubuntu for a dual-boot. The install CD's partitioner just craps out on me :(
I wish I knew enough to be considered a developer, all I know is basic C++ :(
seamus7 I am not using Vista. Running XP on a Dell, no system CD :(
:(
got utorrent working on ubuntu but the main window is black :(
guys know where i can give my ubuntu some soul by adding some sound files? gnome-look.org lacks them :(
IpMoo: ok...but it didn't :(
epidodi, thats very strange... I don't have any xrdb processes :(
damn.... gutsy (specifically NVidia) broke my system :(
I really wish that the Ubuntu install CDs still used gparted :(
too late now anyway, the disc is formatted :(
jimmygoon: so we need to wait this out? :(
I can't get mugen to work on my xbox :(
super smash bros not coming out till ages in europe though >:(
Seveas, the falcon deb in your feisty repo is broken :(
:(
hi, I don't see my wacom tablet input devices in `xinput list`, although they're defined in xorg.conf and work :(
DanaG, :O tr3vino doesn't appear to have a gutsy repo yet :(
nothing in the docs about how to stop random frequent lockups tho :(
That's "regression". Not a solution nor a workaround. We need to use our custom DSDT.aml/hex file (devels must modify the kernel to acept custom dsdt) or to FIX this bug, or ... just pick another distro :(
usser: not yet :(
dystopianray: If only I could afford a new gfx card atm :(
how is that not implemented :( on screenkeyboard?
it takes longer to get to desktop from login than to boot from bios to login :(
and my hdd is thrashing.... i've got 1gig ram :(
ExRarne: sounds to me like one of the installs overwrote the other. :(   (a  newbie guess)
I didn't make any backsups because my brother has by external hard drive :(
riotkittie: clicking the install again is not doing anything here:(
Morgwyr: i know i've seen other people mention the same thing here but i'm not sure how they resolved it :( maybe there's something on the forums...
critt: I do not. :(
:(
DShepherd: problem is that not everything is mirrored on other servers :(
:(
:(
none can help me? :(
man this sux. all i want is to be able to read/write to my new added hard drive. for now i can read but not write to my added hard drive :(. please PM me to help me if you can .
man this sux. all i want is to be able to read/write to my new added hard drive. for now i can read but not write to my added hard drive :(. please PM me to help me if you can ..
sorry :(
hi is anyone having apci problems with 7.10, any way to reinstall it cause on my thinkpad it said it cant find it :(
ompaul " There are at least major two cases where one may wish to use boot options. Case 1: When trying to install, and the install freezes. Case 2: After a system has been installed and does not boot or the system needs adjustment. " i didnt see anything that might help :(
no, a simple work around I have now, but fully fixed WITH an end mixer/master, no :(
I don't know if I should make a bug-report on the Alsa site or Ubuntu now :(
I know, cause it's blocked cause of the previous setting, it requires a reboot or you need to kill the application that is blocking your sound device :(
I get this error when I try to boot "Unable to mount root fs on unkown block (0,0)... I had 7.10 running fine yesterday... this morning I get that error... I really need some help :(
Can somebody help me with installing beyrl on gutsy? the wiki for beryl for ubuntu is down :(
:(
RiffRaff: sorry :(
saloxin: Yup I think that is what I have to do. Of course now I have a full windows install on a striped volume that I have to trash :(
saloxin:  these tards don't even list the rsync mirrors on the page anymore :(
the latest incarnation of the linux kernel failed to detect my network and sound :(
don't have cd :(
but it does not show the adept does noe show the version upgrade :(
:(
Hey can someone help me with changing my resolution with nvidia card ? :(
hi, I don't see my wacom tablet input devices in `xinput list`, although they're defined in xorg.conf and work :( how to debug this? [report]
Can i sort installed packages by date/time? :(
Gutsy: Using ATI drivers, ATI Xpress 200, Desktop effects could not be enabled. How to fix it :(
How do i make vista sharings work, ubuntu keeps asking for authentication when i have no password in vista????:(
sponix:  i did try no password too :(
menisk: Desktop effects still doesn't work and everything is so slow now :((
what's wrong with the bluetooth things??? I can't browse a device :(
how to set a shorter delay when the source of mount cant be found? Right now it takes 5 min till it boots up (Fstab) :(
I really need help :( I nuked my ubuntu installation. I now need to chroot into my installation via the live cd, but I don't know how to do that. Can someone help me? please!
stefg: Yes, I was just on it, then I logged out to log back into a fancier colorprompt :(
:(
cos Im using a low end laptop :(
LjL: yeah it works in KDE. not working here in gnome :(
its fine. but KDE is really lame on memory :(
jdong: xgl/firefox usually take me above that after a while :(
:(*
I couldn't put together anything ... :(
hey , my computer keeps freezing up for no apparent reason. can anyone help find out why? The mouse disappears and I am left hanging :(
:(
how do I setup my s-video output to TV (pal-b) with ati fglrx on gutsy? anything special? my former solution from feisty got broken with the upgrade :(
god i hate my terminal colors :(
how do I setup my s-video output to TV (pal-b) with ati fglrx on gutsy? anything special? my former solution from feisty got broken with the upgrade :(
im having a lot of problems trying to get an avi file to play :(
does anyone know how to copy ubuntu 7.10 from torrent to nero? i am using Windows just now :(
Gin: i want to copy it to CD :(. i searched in google but i couln'd find :(
i tried running compiz but 3d games like sauerbraten kept shrinking to windowed mode instead of fullscreen, and it would freeze up. :(
Paddy_EIRE_:  but i want to install it and keep Windows. i'm new to linux :(
Paddy_EIRE_,   gnome-commander is a bit better, but not too configurable (i.e. colors, background,) and you can only have the two panels :(
i need help :( the guided partitioning won't let me go below 50%
trident523: i don't think this is the bug i am getting :(  if i start normally, it hangs at just near the end of the boot screen loading bar, and in recovery mode, it hangs at the part when it says: "Starting GNOME Display Manager:"
the manual partition is confusing :(
trident523: i don't think this is the bug i am getting :(  if i start normally, it hangs at just near the end of the boot screen loading bar, and in recovery mode, it hangs at the part when it says: "Starting GNOME Display Manager:"
stop downloading gutsy :( i cant install mythtv meh
No, wired :(
trident523:i have a laptop with integrated video card, so no 3d :(
Vista|G33Z3R: :( use irssi :(
:(
my laptop battery always only lasts 1hr20mins even when setting CPU to 50% and power saver on graphics :(
Virtual box says my kernel isn't installed...  :( help?
Lejzi: Is there a windows version of transmission? I'm still feeling my way into ubuntu with wubi because the partition utility won't let me resize for enough to install :(
my windows wubble, but no cube right now :(
:( i'm sorry
:(
7.10 works fantastic here LiMaO :(
I think I'll go back to feisty :( or can anyone tell me a good reason why I should use gutsy?
o rly :(
:(
:(
Vlet: seriously, I don't understand the random problems people are having.  ubuntu is dirt easy to use, upgrade, and customize :(
Iv'e added the ones in the third part softwares .. still does not work :(
how can i get my dual montiors working in gutsy?  i have an nvidia grphaics card and its not working :(
Lots of people needing help :/ And hey - I'm one of them - sorry! Got a problem with my sound. It "works" but boy is the quality awful! It hisses like a bag of snakes :( Got 7.10 and an SB Audigy - can anyone help?
MasterShrek: Ok. :( I will try again asking in the channel... Thanks
jdong, welcome to ummmm fun :(
vocx, true :( Older versions are fine (I hope!)
Great :( I guess noone knows an anser
I've had no luck with it :(
jrib: I did "Mark for complete removal" and now it's not in the list anymore :(
