GeekChick|, there is no open with option :(
bollocks, my keyboard doesn't work properly either, yay for progress :(
eck, fix my sound card :(
miranda82: sorry, i have no clue what so ever :(
Flannel, oh.  darn.  :(
well it might in hw info, but since that keeps crashing :(
Jordan_U: I do have bunch of obscure repos :(
mjr: :( you there man?
I am install fiesty today, but i have problem with wifi, i just got 46% signal streng :(
Hasrat how you create new workspaces? I forgot :(
hummm no idea then bro :( sorry
For some reason, I cannot seed the Feisty torrent :(
Pelo: oh, so app must support... ugh.  thought it was a widget thing but i am not a coder :(
It doesn't work for me th emiddle button to activate the cube :(
dtholden: yeah i tried creating two profiles in Networking (manual configuration) .. one for roaming and one for a static ip ... but it doesn't work as expected ... Network Manager seems to work best only with roaming and then of course you get that password prompty :(
No one is answering me on #grub :(
Flannel: I tried ubuntu/ubuntu, ubuntu/ , root/root . Nothing works... :(
Pelo: I tried with no pass. Not working :(
> Jordan_U: no worries, im the newb here :(
Dammit, I'm frustrated with Feisty.  Feisty is too good.  Too easy.  I don't get any challenge or sense of accomplishment from it.  I haven't had to go to the command line once! 90 minutes and everything works.  What kind of deal is that?  I didn't even need Automatix.  :(
eck: yes, that is my prob. i'll just wait to upgrade then:(((
now whenever i log in, i have about a dozen apps opening. i don't know how to reset it to default :( - which is with an empty session-
i seem to be lost, where is the httpd.conf located :(
rulus: i don't know why it doesn't :(
:(
just have to get ati drivers working so i can have beryl/compiz :(
jordan_u: intel / realtek (one of them... :()
actually, i think /home "is" on another paty.. i just cant bloody remember :(
NickGarvey - AHA! Thanks - That's the boy. - but why can't I change that shortcut any more? :(
no one cares :(
hi, i can't login into my default session :( it says can't open /etc/profile but it exists
cellojoe, You can't :(
I am tired. :(
Crazytom, so you reinstalled from scratch? :(
Possum: rocks and hard places unfortunately :(
wickedpuppy: and neither does GAIM :(
jussi01, :(
last time I went through the documentation, all they said about chipsets, thought I got it right and bought two USB wireless net cards and none of them are working :(
no fix, just embarrassing now :(
Please copy/paste. I got disconnected. :(
mjbrooks looking on the ubuntu IRC channel list, this is the most appropriate :(
ok i wont get help here thats for sure :( all day i'm trying to fix my updated 7.04 machine. all day i'm posting here for help an nothing  I cant install nvidia drivers on 7.04 pls help
Haffalump: thanks :(
I want sound :(
aatdark: know anyway to enable it? :(
Dreamer: ati is always the problem :(
xq: hrm ok..cause I had 3d support before I upgraded to feisty and now its gone :(
 xq: no i cant enable that :(
xq: but it worked back in edgy :(
ndy80> I tried to upgrade to feisty from edgy. There was an error wth gmediastreamer-0.12 packages... an error in the installa script... now I've an unstable/hybrid system... I can boot but I cannot upgrade gmediaserver or remove it!!! :(
LjL : yes its the front end. :(
LjL : anythere idea? :(
how can i map drives with ubuntu?  i can mount them, but no application can seem to see them :(
kerik: not after i upgraded :(
webben: never seen that before :(
yeah, it still fails to boot :(  grub loading stage 1.5 "error 17"
there must be someone here who knows how to fix the buggered up kernal problem which leads to feisty leaving my machine unbootable?? "waiting for root file system" -- hangs then drops to busy box :(
wolfspirit: the lovely upgrade button has killed my system. that's why im here :(
Azureday, i already have flash installed but i need shockwave and did not find it :(
edgy
i installed ubuntu on a different drive and now i'm having these huge problems making anything boot at all :( (i don't know if it's a general problem though)
atomiku : *CRIES* :((((((( GRRRR
xq: unfortunately the upgrade killed the ability to boot :(
LjL: I used envy on my last kernel update but it is not working in feisty :(
this is driving me insane. I can't get my resolution sorted :( I am using open source ati drivers with aiglx and beryl and I am stuck at 1024x768. already looked at https://help.ubuntu.com/community/FixVideoResolutionHowto#head-42bafbcee7a10ed50f2d9016555557b9874be252 to no avail. anyone got any other ideas?
PirateHead: ok yeah thats probably something to do with it i am not sure how to fix tho :(
Hello. I cannot connect to the internet from kubuntu pc through windows machine :( Can anybody help please!
delire: i have the restricted package installed :(
:(
anyone know the reason why compiz depends on the ubuntu-desktop? that kind of sucks i wanna get rid of it and feisty forces me to keep it :(
hi, since updating ubuntu to 7.04 my TV-Card isn't recognized; the driver is loaded, but kaffeine says that i haven't got a tv card :(
Daverocks: sorry :(
I got lots of errors :(
compwiz18: still doesnt work :(
 compwiz18: yep :(
compwiz18: :(
DearAll I have a rather serious problem, having spent my two days and still unable to solve :(
Wesselaar - its really odd i'm not sure what to do sorry :(
compwiz18: nope :(
compwiz18: ok :( I dont know what I have done
:(
epod: hrm ok.. :(
delire: still no internet.. :(
fiery_cleric: i cannot find default gateway.. :( ?
delire: it's exactly the same card as in the wiki article :(
:(
meanfish: yeah this has been for weeks :(
meanfish: ok :( should I remove xserver-xorg-video-ati
:(
:(
GoDawgs: not keen to play :(
My cdrom doesn't work anymore :( Information about it at this thread http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=405630&page=6
matkix0s: sorry... can't help you with VMware :(
LjL: unfortunately theres no audit trail.. its going to say installed because i hit the apt-get install before i saw your thing about not doing it.. sorry :(
LjL: looks like X is working fine now. But font smoothing all gone now :( ill have to find a way to get that back
How on earth do I use my second monitor :(
can someone please tell me how to install ssh server I am trying for a long time... :(
rodness, yeah it sucks :(
ristrected drivers manager says i dont need any? i still dont have direct rendering on :(
askar: Yeah, according to google there appears to be a problem with intel cards and 2.6.odd kernels. Unfortunately I haven't got such a card so I can't be of much help to you. :(
Hi. How do I access Compiz settings? Also, for some reason the Compiz cube/workstations are no longer working... I HAVE asked in Ubuntu-effects but it's pretty dead in there and I would like to get this fixed! :(
I need help please :(
 is any1 else having problems when you ctl+alt+f1 and then go back to ctl+alt+f7? some1 pls help i need this to work :(
Kraeloc: but no solution from gogole search :(
 is any1 else having problems when you ctl+alt+f1 and then go back to ctl+alt+f7? will some1 pls help i really need this too work :(
:(
Huffalump: i can't rely on maybe's :( because on Launchpad there is a separate ia64 branch of builds.. and I wonder why, if AMD64 is for 64-bit Intels as well. I must be sure
o dear :(
gnomefreak: i have asked about how to install JAVA runtime environment or firefox :(
RasQulec, That didn't work :(
already did jrib, thanx, but i won't help :(
can anyone help please, i can only get a refresh rate of 50 hz, and i used to get 85 hz on this res in dapper, and yes i've done "sudo dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg" and no luck :(
can anyone help please, i can only get a refresh rate of 50 hz, and i used to get 85 hz on this res in dapper, and yes i've done "sudo dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg" and no luck :(
Hi everybody. I've burned 5 cd with the 7.04 iso but i can't get a single one to pass the check for defects... :(
:(
makkk and the network mennager isnt like that in any conntent :(((((
wireless, i have no DHCP and WPA2, so i choose WPA2 from the bar but not IP, or viceversa :(
PriceChild:  wireless, i have no DHCP and WPA2, so i choose WPA2 from the bar but not IP, or viceversa :(
bluefox83: it just updated the list and didn't say about a new version :(
i need a gui for maping/binding multimedia keys - tried many, can't to work :(
rasqulec: mine doesn't even work then :(
helps when you don't have a functioning X server :(
:(
teitunge, i tried.. -ao switch.. didnt help :(
Kraeloc: to start clean, config-less, so to speak, but apart from that i have no other ideas :((
Kraeloc: np :(
eck: Good words : ".....if I'll figure out...."..... :(
I dont see the cairo-clock folder in my home folder :(
Ok. Thank you, Guys! Sorry that I've wasted your time :(
:(
linux-generic is installed :(
why does X say theres no nvidia module when i just installed it? :(
ardchoille: :( Would it be damaging if I just change the permission of /var/www temporarily
Journeyman: why do you say that? :(
wtf is going on in here idefixx? :(
