ethana2: I personally have no help to offer, but wait a while, if no one else responds, you can ask again :) or try googling...
I wanna go to #ubuntu+1 :)
roffe__, errm, a little logic and experience :)  i think we tried libgtkmm-dev before, but the page says it needs libgtkmm-2.4-dev
roffe__, you can buy me beer sometime :)
I will damnit, just gotta get to england, haha... well I'm off for bed now(which is what the sleeptracker should help me with) :) Goodnight!
Odd-rationale: I think you missed moveax's point :)
Can you guys suggest a tool for recording my desktop? I'd like to show a friend my awn dock in action :)
I downloaded the alternate cds, I don't like live cds. they usually hanged on me.. I think I'll try anyway this weekend... que serra serra :)
good night Ubuntu fellows :)
where does the default desktop wallpaper live? (I wanna make an IM picture of it :)  )
oh maybe :)
:)
mariorz: if you are recommending aptitude, i think you should read it. :)
yeh i prefer vi :)
Hello, just wanted to stop by and say that I am liking Linux/Ubuntu so far.  First time user, everything so far went smooth.  Had problems with mp3/video/embedded web codecs, but nothing a little googling didn't fix.  Awesome community, keep up the good work.  I am pretty sure if problems show up this place will be of much help.  See you all around :)
Pelo, yeah i know but you guys are the heroes of linux, if it wasn't for you, 99% would give up, the linux community owes you a lot :)
mm ubuntu lookd pretty cool actually :) best release I've seen... though this xp fuckup thing is not sweet
astro76: cool it crapped out this time anyway cheers :)
MattJ: sorry for the tardy reply.  I updated the Nvidia drivers that seems to have sorted it :)
koomber1664: Great :)
Pelo: thanks :)
otarid: What was the wifi error you had? (guessing you have one by your smiley face :) )
thank you :) it happens because the updater happens and I don't know why
I need help please, Desktop effects could not be enabled! I have a thread about it at:  http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=767472 thanks! :)
tokah: I mean press F10 in the login screen, to be clear :)
Pelo: totem-xine... sticking with the foss :)
﻿josh04: thank you for your time :)
EVERYONE: As you can see, this is a large channel. If you're speaking to someone in particular, please put their nickname in what you say (use !tab), or else messages get lost and it becomes confusing :)
nice pelo :)
Starnestommy: what a pity. I remember x-chat used to have that option. Can't really focus on this crowded channel. Thanks anyway :)
Orbixx: Yes :)
jhow: Let us know the problem and we can do our best to help :)
Welcome comerc, if you have a question, please ask :)
comerc: We're all here to answer questions, ask the questions, don't ask to ask :)
simmerz: its been reported by others, I was just wondering if it would be simple to fix, is there a login.conf file? :)
NDPMacBook: Hmm. I'll just try a bit more luck with dansguardian then.:)
:)
Pelo: cheers :)
Pelo: it worked :) at least the space is back :) thanks ;) what do you mean with link btw? I'm kinda new to ubuntu and havn't learned that much yet
Pelo: heh it beats 30 out :)
Cusoon959: :)
Flannel, thanks :)
hazza, the default resolution :) read the file, and you should be able to figure it out :)
AlienX: thanks.. i'll give one a shot :)
 * AlienX thinks many people should use the forum to cut back on confusion :)
fprintf: cool :)
mayakuza: if it's not too hard, I can help :)
Starnestommy, i don't particularly care :)
Pelo, I would think so too. :)
Wolf23, you type that in :)
ffm_: both :) higher bandwidth, lower latency is better
evilbug- install hardy :)
ffm_: or use bittorrent and forget about bandwidth issues :)
mayakuza: good :)
osxdude- i got gutsy to work now :) nevermind.
evilbug- good :)
mayakuza: sure thing :)
thanks :)
bazhang: thanks! :)
k thanks. :)
ffm_: Ah, but those aren't instantly graitfying! (I mean, thanks.. :) )
MewRS: you can do that via an argument to mkfs, but that particular drive is hosed :)
:)
:)
Pelo: long time since I used a "media library-less" music player... I currently only have rhythmbox :)
InGunsWeTrust,  Cool. Looks like its 64 bit now as well. :) glad to seeit getting updated
thinkingfrog: yeah, but less convenient if you want to change :) it's a trade off
ToddEDM,  yes. :) what would you do if we all said no?
bazhang: tried it along time ago... originally the "goodbye microsoft" debian installer.. cannot say I am a fan but I suppose its better than ppl not having it :)
:)
bazhang: I have no idea what that means :)
NetEcho, And intel has always provided open source drivers and documentation :)
:)
darkcrab: there is 1422 users in this room :)
LogicalDash, ok, thanks :)
Hello Room :)
tuchki nope, i have a 9600 pro that works :)
bazhang: how :)? from synaptic?
darkcrab: then logic would dictate you did something which led to its installation .... that you can't remember what that is is beside the point :)
bagelong: "sudo ndiswrapper -m", then reboot and see if it works :)
:) yea, thats why I finally decided to ditch windows, was hoping to leave the security problems behind.
darkcrab, If you were being hacked they probably wouldn't change anything noticeable, this is a great answer because it both alleviates your fear that this is a sign of being hacked and makes you more paranoid at the same time :)
jsoftw: Karshin: you can also 'sudo su -' :)
happy saturday :)
neil_d: true :)
seamus7: thanks :)
leo_rockw: Looking at it now, thanks :)
almost finished upgrading to 8 :)
neil_d: "more detail" meaning you need more from me, or you're about to provide more detail? :)
Nikonlappy, make it long then :) i'm at it for 6 hours now..still no answers .
thanks mate :)
mepatuhoo: i'd be surprised if you could combine struts and php :)
dpt: probably not the console client, it might not do it :)
 * nickrud thinks Vlet has good advice, but someone's gotta test it :)
ok i'll try to reboot in textmode :)
milly1234 heh. I hope to see few, that means it's a clean release :)
green get a different irc client, you are bright red when you use my nick in xchat :)
restarting...hope this owrks! :)
I'm in trouble and I need help :)
I will try a reboot, why I dont know :)
oddalot :) I avoid 3d party like the plague usually
without the quotes :)
whew, I finally got ubuntu 8.04 installed :)
DaBonBon, :) the terminal says so :p
dmsuperman, :)
gooody:  yeah :)
gooody:  :)
gooody:  S'ok, someone else just answered :)
thanks, JustinRyan! we'll see if anyone contradicts you... :)
JustinRyan, just plain old ubuntu with a U :)
nick_, :)
Peddy, :)
cool:  I was actually just saying cool :)
taejo: i usually refuse to believe that a printer won't work :)
nick_, welcome :)
oh, and prettyricky: please put my name in your comments, it keeps your messages from getting lost :)
Haii! can help me someone , java not working in the new firefox, and i can't install the java plugins in firefox, but i did install the java-sun-6.0 in the terminal... someone? :)
:)
cute_bettong, you need the cd way then :)
IndyGunFreak, aah sorry thought you wanted to know about it ,am not following here much :)
IndyGunFreak,  perhaps NOW the  thing will get bugs and security issues fixed. :)
toplok,  lots of us are. :)
nick_, well ubuntu uses gnome :)
joe_,  nope. thats not it. :) i did need that tool for somthing.. but thats not the nvidia-xconfig tool
joe_,  i use both of those. :)
so how do i fix it? :)
ferris_, yep, I use five different OS here :)
hangthedj,  it just started working. :) its working now for me here..
nick_,  you will have to try it and decide for yourself I guess. :)
GT,  most likely its a videocard/driver/monitor issue. :) depends on the details.
:)
earthcreed: they switched to pulseaudio in 8.04.  Wine, at least, doesn't have a pulseaudio driver working yet so they do some compatibility stuff with OSS.  Not that that helps :)
razel: you might be able to, but i'm gonna sleep soon :)
thanks for the help :)
Dim252:  хехе, день! :)
MrRoboto,  it is for 6 mo out of the year. :)
MrRoboto,   thats putting it mildly. :)
sjovan: Thanks :)
magnetron, hello again :)
MrRoboto: try debian. that's what i'm thinking about doing later on :)
oholiks: then don't ask me anything :)
ubuntu 8.04 does run quiet smooth on my Pentium 2 :)
﻿dystopianray: yes :)
﻿dystopianray:  nope:) I try that
﻿dystopianray:: http://pastebin.com/m5e81ca45 :)
oddalot ok thank you for the help and link. Ill try to search from there :) Thanks!
oddalot: sorry I am just dumb packages are there :)
﻿ ﻿dystopianray: http://pastebin.com/m5e81ca45 :)
astro76: :)
ditoa,  why is it divx specific? :) i tend to use gmplayer for my needs.
just because everything i have is divx/xvid :)
expect more what? :)
:)
hey, I have a newbie question... :) I've googled alot and it looks like the answer is too stupid to be documented anywhere.
Vertelemming: I think it should today, and give the date for Ibex :)) for the impatient amongst us
thenetduck: yeah I love it :)
astro76: I just got mine Yesterday, I don't really know where to start when it comes to getting skype working because I am a 64 bit user as of today :)
at home ? :)
http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=766106            I also got a howto in the wrong section of the forum. could some one pleas fix that too? http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=761285 <--- also got a typeo in the titel that i can't change :)
pteague_laptop, thx :)
astro76: a thanx :)
zeno, ok, didn't know :)
otarid, ok ok :)
otarid, well good luck with that, me going away :)
zeno - thanks man, thought that was what i needed, just wanted to check :)
otarid, :)
livingdaylight, np :)
dreamcoder, then use fluxbox :)
so no one is using blender on hardy? :)
koudelka, hehe... fast and furious in here :)
silentlamb, I felt like a genius when I got it to print :)
errpast: hmm wait, i got this freakin dns problem :)
koudelka, thanks for that i guess some sort of hope :)
:)
errpast: nope, i', running a desktop :)
errpast: :)
nothing seems to work for me :)
huibuh, it's a good suggestion. But right now, I'm an an old dell 5150, not the Lenovo. I'm in transition, and don't want the Dell to know what is really happening :)
errpast:  hmm ok :)
Bits, at least until I get a job :)
thank you for your time crashhanddie and mttJocy, I will see what I can do with a torrent downloaded cd:)
crashanddie, dont worry found it :) thanks
jdolan: place a # in front of your CD is the easiest way I guess :)
Yapsey, hah, why didn't i think of that?  (just disabling the source), hehe :)
HardyOne, thanks :)
crashanddie, great. thanks mate :)
um ok :)
mut80r: thanks allot! appreciate it.... saved me allot of headache. :)
QuadF, aah envy :)
heya :) what a birthday i did have (fun Fun FUN) yesterday :)  can anyone tell me please what's a good app in ubuntu to grab videos from sites like youtube / myspace / revver / break / etc ... ?
SuperLag: :)
Hardy install completed... took 30 minutes from first boot of CD to final boot and then install of xchat. :)  auto-detected and installed nvidia-glx-new and all appears to be working
mut80r, haven't installed World of Warcraft yet... that will be the show stopper for me if that don't work :)
kaminix :no because you see theare is a block also 1024, so actualy 1024^3=GB :)
duncan: Ah, I see. Thanks. :)
ubuntung-pinoy, i'll have another look... :) brb thanks
kaminix: welcome :)
MttJocy thanks nevertheless :)
thanks guys! I'm ashamed to say but the BIOS boot order fixed it :)
:)
komputes: give me teh secrets :)
g-night all :)
thanks :)
So, has it calmed down in here yet? Or do I still need to hit scroll lock to read anything? :)
nice, thanks bazhang - :)
nibsa1242b, Yeah, well if it happens again you know how to fix it at least :) probably something silly like a small fluctuation in the mains voltage or something lol
:)
un2him: you don't want to use that, no :)
MttJocy: yep, and thankfully there are people like you around to help out :)
dmsuperman_: :)
bazhang: yeah, tisn't gui, but is what I was after :)
RoRza: sudo apt-get install svn :)
mut80r: had to set Desktop Size to 4 in the General Settings part.. :)
:)
simonft2: good luck :)
mut80r: it is in the repos :)
:)
I need some help about backuppc :)
crashanddie: well, whatever works for you. :)   I wouldn't try both but will get rid of ff2 when ff3 final comes out.
PhotoJim:  Any tips for what to look for in there?  :)
PhotoJim:  Thanks .  :)  I'll go a searching
hilts50: I'm not a mac guy, sorry . :) but do some googling and see what hardware description external firewire drives usually have.
hilts50: np, good luck.  and wish me luck, I still can't update to hoary.  my repository is choking. :( :)
erat123: np, good luck :)
mut80r, thanks :)
Millertime_018: are you the sound guru? :)
how to check ip like ipconfig on win in ubuntu :)
Millertime_018: I've had good luck with upgrades in the past, and it saves me a ton of reconfigging.  I have tons of Firefox applets, keys for ssh authentication, etc.  so if I can upgrade, it will save me a ton of time. :)
bzhang: Thanks :)
Millertime_018: np :)
ok, telling him that :) thanks fot the tip
mut80r: you're very helpful, thanks ! :)
doomskilllet: just ask the question :)
J-Unit, heh, sorry :)
J-Unit, at least now you know about both techniques :)
Okay, then, eternal_p :) I'm speccing-out a new PC because my poor, old IBM R32's HDD has bitten the dust and I was wondering about the 64-bit Intel processors.
eternal_p, I've been running Ubuntu, neat, for over two years now - but I'm not elite :)
bazhang, oh, right... Still quite original :)
Itaku: go do that then. :)
Ok. I will install bcm43xx-fwcutter and see what happens. Thanks for the help :)
:)
mut80r, Nith, thx :) i should be geting high speed rely soon (im on dial-up sadly :()
J-Unit, high speed eh :)
mut80r, nice :)
crashanddie, mut80r, well ill be one of u :)
eternal_p: That seems like sound advice :) Thanks!
IndyGunFreak, he's been asking questions about Ubuntu all day or so :)
crashanddie: I am waiting, I picked up on the irony :)
N1NCHN41L5, :) I know the feeling....all too well:)
Konam, never stopped companies that I worked at :)
hypercity: then rsync -avz  /path/to/src /path/to/dest/   <== note: No trailing / on the src dir... read the man page as i suggested - it's explained there  :)
amenado: I didn't do anything :)
minor issues, lets move on to bigger things :)
How do I get xvoutput working? Im using an aticard :)
hypercity: cool, keep reading those man pages though  :)
h﻿ow do I get xvoutput working? Im using an aticard :)
!info envy-gtk | bigtimer121 i mean this.. :)
bigtimer121 i mean this.. :): Package envy-gtk does not exist in hardy
bazhang, Thanks. :) No crashing?
heya :) what a birthday i did have (fun Fun FUN) yesterday :)  can anyone tell me please what's a good app in ubuntu to grab videos from sites like youtube / myspace / revver / break / etc ... ? can vlc grab things like that.
thanks jack_sparrow :)
bazhang, It's alright. :)
bazhang yeah miro ... i tried that once, it worked nice. thanks :) forgot aall about that one.
Hi, just a minor problem, when I boot up Ubuntu 8.04 Hardy, it goes through Grub and the the monitor turns off during the time, I assume, is the loading screen.  As I said, only minor, but would be nice if fixed :)
szx0: it's not hard :)
Hi, just a minor problem, when I boot up Ubuntu 8.04 Hardy, it goes through Grub and the the monitor turns off during the time, I assume, is the loading screen.  As I said, only minor, but would be nice if fixed :)
Rawk02: As you can see, this is a large channel. If you're speaking to someone in particular, please put their nickname in what you say (use !tab), or else messages get lost and it becomes confusing :)
sachael: No problem, I find that command quite useful too. :)
bazhang, thanks, will check it out :)
bazhang am lightweight so im going to sit in the bench  :)
Kr0ntab: :)
mman426: As you can see, this is a large channel. If you're speaking to someone in particular, please put their nickname in what you say (use !tab), or else messages get lost and it becomes confusing :)
sanozuke: As you can see, this is a large channel. If you're speaking to someone in particular, please put their nickname in what you say (use !tab), or else messages get lost and it becomes confusing :)
﻿ mindlord: nope, not in my 4 testsystems,although my shutdown dialog tajkes 30 secs to come up :) u tried a memtest overnight just in case or HW trouble?
﻿ mindlord: ok, well of nuthin trahing the cpu then yeah, GPU might be getting trashed. btw, i so paranoid I use an infra-red thermometer on important machines :) i open case and allow to stabilise and shoot it at various bit lol
﻿ mindlord: nuthin is extreme if it allows u 365+ uptime :)
g0th_: irssi ftw :)
g0th: welcome to the club, - enjoy  :)
Kr0ntab: ok, thanks for trying to help me :)
:) k, no prob
MedO42, alright. thanks for the tips :)
no #ubuntu+1 ? :) what about 8.10 :)
MedO42, got it work. :) i had to set it to use sun java using update-alternatives and /etc/jvm as described on https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Java
dolphin_noel, hah, didn't know that yet :)
thank you teach007 :) lets me try :)
gnomefreak: already using firefox3 (forgot about that when I launched firefox) but I have a backup so it's all good :)
 * dolphin_noel smaks tech0007 :)
Jack_Sparrow ~/.local/share/Trash :)
Jack_Sparrow it works thanks :)
delfick: we dont support unofficial mirrors :)
gnomefreak: thnx for the hlep anyways, I'm gonna connect my cable to the laptop to make this faster, if I have issues I'll come back, otherwise thnx :)
hi, how do I uninstall esound? :)
did the developers already chose a codename for 8.10? :)
Exteris: okay :)
bazhang: thank you :)
gerardoj, no problem :)
please vote :)
keycool1: ok just a moment :)
themad: there was this thing that allows non-root users to share folders anytime without y'know, verification and stuff, which is what I did, for a moment anyway. Disabled it after sharing :)
gnomefreak: no worries.. thank you for trying :)
:)
emorris:  thank for trying ...:)
z0g: i'm not surprised it's strange :)  how do i fix it?
z0g: trying to maximize my storage space :)  i suppose i could just ditch the ide if i needed to...
thanks :)
z0g: i guess i can try that.  but probably not now... gotta get some things done, and watch the draft :)  thx for the help!
EVERYONE: As you can see, this is a large channel. If you're speaking to someone in particular, please put their nickname in what you say (use !tab), or else messages get lost and it becomes confusing :)
﻿TimMatrix: As you can see, this is a large channel. If you're speaking to someone in particular, please put their nickname in what you say (use !tab), or else messages get lost and it becomes confusing :)
Looney650, If that's your cup of tea :)
just switched from kde to gnome :)
chrisinator: they are not so important so no problem but that was just strange you know :). thanks
yeah... hi :)
emorris:  i got it working :)
bagelong: Great! we're finally making progress. :) OK, next type: gksudo gedit /etc/modules
Auctionedllama, Have a little patience next time :)
zvacet: okie, thanks :)
bagelong: Hope your four-year-old is wearing more than a smile now. :) Anyway, let's backup your interfaces file before modifying it, so type: sudo cp /etc/network/interfaces /etc/network/interfaces.backup
ubotu, please visit www.gotohell.com as well :)
:)
is that error I'm getting because of a server, if it is then, I can keep trying different servers! :)
:)
Some_Person, You should file a bug and in the mean time you can install Firefox2 ( or if you want something fast new and interesting try epiphany-webkit though you will have to compile it yourself :)
bagelong: No problem--hope you get it working sometime soon. :)
TimMatrix2: Good enough :)
:)
TimMatrix2: pastebin.com   --  You missed the E :)
jon__, That's really not much of a threat ( at least for those of us who aren't complete fanatics :)
:)
tomd123: unless you have Comcast :)
loosid: I found out the hard way :)
TimMatrix2: Sounds good to me.  I've done the same and had good results :)
Assid: I'm downlodaing IEs4Linux :).
Steven1, Windows is not grub friendly. :)
flyback: ya, I guess you have a point to move to a different distro then, but I would surely miss the simplicity :)
Cool thanks Everyone :)
pr4bh,  I can try :)
Steven1, ok, I'll be back in a bit, reboot, and you should be back too. :)
nickrud: Thanks :)
Jordan_U, I got it to work, I just opened synaptic and closed it, and then did the update manager. Appears to be working now :)
pr4bh, I don't know the next steps or where to find such reading yet :)
﻿Fogel1497:  It's okay.  :)  If I could help you, I would.
bruenig:  yw :)
got my 1280x800 framebuffer finally, didin't realize the .24 kernel had that capability, so I am happy :)
doorknob60: thank you very much, you saved me :)
bruenig: so if u dont like to help so thanx, i am not mad about what you wrote :)
bruenig:  if i can understand u , why u dont help me and let me finish this bug and thanx a lot coz i know u help me before :)
amazen720: That's understandable! :) But to get more clues as possible, try as many other CDs as you can to see if it is just a problem with the Vista written disk.
Y-Town: i like and use them both :)
unop: im on ubuntu :)
qbert, CJS3141 never mind me, i didn't read the question right :)
qbert: no problem, cheers :)
InfernoX222: Just ask your question, and wait patiently to see if someone can answer it :)
Jordan_U, alright I got it, I'll give the update another try and we'll see what happens this time :)
terrestre, Doesn't live up to its name? :)
ferris, Ubuntu is loading now. Hopefully this will clear up the GRUB error 22 when booting. :)
Kasio, No, you should just end up with gnome with an ugly theme and none of the session startup programs started :)
aphan9: You've got to be more specific--give more details. :)
Byan: what do you mean "maybe"? :)
ferris_, If nothing else there is one in bsdgames, but it's an old text based one :)
don't ask me i'm just browsing this channel :)
Platyhelminth, listen carefully to what I am about to say :)   You should try a fresh and toally new install using ALTERNATIVE install
