saladin.  ur such a pain... :)
my ubuntu is so how I like it its booring now :)
heh, never download the desktop iso and the aleternate iso then try to update manager the new release.....it's gonna take me awhile :)
hey Fujitsu: tested Kubuntu on my laptop... the bcm43xx works fine... the PC even picks up my wireless router now without manual config... it was worth waiting a day :)
good night :)
The servers are undergoing the equivelant of DDoS attack- except it's ALL legitimate traffic. :)
x1250, I understand, but I'm trying to assess how much time I need to spend after upgrading :)
Mimi, sure, that gives me higher hopes! :)
x1250, I see, but I can only install from the CD at the moment, not very good bandwidth :)
So guys, thank you a lot. I will give it a chance! :)
haha, and here I thought it was hardy's fault :)
maco, I'm getting other freaky stuff in dmesg :). iwl3945: Microcode SW error detected. Resarting 0x82000008. And Another line.
Googling :)
DBautell, Damn it, just downloaded the normal release!! :) meh
tanath: true :)
maco, thanks for the heads up :)
tanath: nevermind. I'm blind. :)
Gman99999: first result in google: http://forum.skype.com/index.php?showtopic=4489 :)
hi :)
Light|DC, part of the upgrade process is canonical ensuring it's servers are capable, so it's a testing time :)
oddalot, i did :)
nibsa1242b, that's what I thought :) it's okay though, i found that my harddrives aren't hda1 etc anymore but sda etc
:)
Ertyle: thanks a bunch :)
phiqtion: www.rarlab.com :)
Ertyle, does the torrent auto install? If it doesnt... Ill wait :)
yup, i think i'd like it if i could get 3d working :)
raiderxx: if you upgraded all of your applications on your previous distro you wouldn't have to see any diference :)
yeah, apt-get is having a hard today :)
mattycoze, shoulda come in here first :)
mattycoze, ohh, ahh well - not to worry, you can redistribute the ISO to friends and family :)
KalEl: try #ubuntu-release-party perhaps :)
Ertyle :)
I'm not even getting a connection yet.  I've heard reports that it's taking like 5 minutes :)
qworty: read you just fine :)
bmk789: I'm tempted to download all the torrents just to help seed :)
cycom: thats what im doing now :) ive got a megabit up overnight
:)
KyleK: ah, resolved that too, n/m :)
for anyone else looking for mirrors, synaptic does a great job of pinging all the mirrors and chosing the best one for you. I'll suggest it 'cause it worked well for me :) just select 'repositories' and find your way to select a new mirror, there'll be a button.
smick: as long as we're still using X, I doubt the dual screen configuration will be any easier in this decade :)
phiqtion, type /j #compiz-fusion and ask them there :)
thanks guys appreciate it :)
Seems there is a stream of questions here... Let me rephrase: Is it possible to repartition the disc without reformatting (lots of valuable info) when installing Hardy? My Lenovo T60 won't let me do it...   Anyone, help :)
thats why i run opera :)
ikonia: helpp :)
Exodus, aye :)
k[5\5]: theres no fancy gui for text, but you can watch stuff scroll by :)
rich_freecomm: you can always ask for it back when you log in, which is what I've been doing for.. however many years now :)
ubuntu__: :)
nice 504 k trandsfer :)
MachinTrucChose: I'm using irssi :)
hey guys ..  anyone else installing Ubuntu 8.04 right now ? :)
ubuntu__: I use Ubuntu Server daily, and it's nice ... butyou're probably looking for Desktop users :)
:)
It is spelt !guTSy :)
tanath: figures. ::)
hehe, apt-get upgrade = 0 packges :)  Nice ..
ooo its installing :)
genji_: the syntax is in the file, or try man sysctl.conf :)
erat123:  yes, and it's easy enough for me to use. That says a lot. :) You'll want to get some templates for it too.
Jordanjay29: I've also got an HP, DV6624CA :)
I broke my nVidia card already -- apparently.  I had just reinstalled completely. :)
Jordanjay29: firefox is lousy at searching through history, but I remember all the commands :)
Pelo: another way Ubuntu makes upgrading easy :)
Odd-rationale: thanks :)
Odd-rationale: i'm off to try 8.04 now :P:)
yea i know not from livecd, but its been forever since i used the alt. thanks :)
juano__: go for it. I'm seeding all the alternative cd's :)
Odd-rationale: good job :)
lopin: I've been trying to tell people once I changed my mirror everything went quickly, but I guess there is something to wanting more iso discs out there :)
professor_: download from: its a dropdown, click around in there :)
ffm_ :)
Hi all! anyone upgraded a 6.06 server to 8.04 yet? Did it work? :)
the repos must realy be hit hard , i cant refresh my apt list :)
ffm_, that could be very handy, where do I find out about it?  Wouldn't apt on DVD be more efficient. :)
black_13 ah, server :) . You need to go to https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Mirrors , pick one and edit /etc/apt/sources.list
Kl4m: I need some test-users before me :)
lopin, there's nothing to document, so many users trying to download 700+ Mb from a few servers is basically a DDOS against the servers...unintentional, but there you go :)
gvieira: if you did the update yesterday you are already there :)
lopin, lol, not much else you can do :)
sammy: yeap, that was it. Thanks :)
pawan: stay around and watch the problems flow :)
no, am not complaining about slow servers, I am expecting that :) hence torrented the alternate cd
ffm_: insane :)
im using x86_64 okay now :)
:)
 * calc doesn't bother with getting releases on release day, he downloads them a few days before :)
Kl4m: ah that is good news then :)
calc, me too :)
Kl4m: which is why you should check the ip address :)
first of all, congrats on hardy :)
calc no, I'll be waiting till the beta. (and I wondered why some worked, thanks a bunch :)
nickrud: ok :)
nickrud: ah :)
nickrud: so you have been using debian almost as long as me :)
latitu: so you are on hardy final :)
latitu: yep.. there were no updates on this last two days, just that :)
Mythril: (sorry last one :) )  there is also grsync which is a graphical frontend to it, and some others.
iDN: Armenian :)
Kl4m: lol, silly me :) your right
sahak: i see. are you jewish? and you're correct in your assumption, your name triggered my question. :)
x1250: yep :)
x1250: thats what i did :)
arbir_ and third, I just tested it :)
sahak: no, i thought you were implying that being jewish and being armenian is contradictory. apparently, it was a misunderstanding. and yes, i am jewish. :)
ffm_: Thank you, I'm aware.  :)
thezanke: the best way is to remove the kernel packages using Synaptic.  It's a good idea to leave the old one around for a week or so, just in case you find any bugs.  :)
Kl4m: it seems like they should be.  :)  But I don't recall.
mheath: You won't have to wait forever.  :)
cool.. thanks :)
pipegeek: did you have luck with that? :)
harriseldon: thanks  :)
danke, checking :)
9mb/sec isn't half bad speed :)
:)
MeatGrinder: another vote for utorrent :)
ok, thanks, i'll keep trying :)
pawbie: Oh, it's happened every 6 months for about the last 2 years, at least.  :)
pawbie: ehrm... the slashdot effect happens every day. :)  though probably it's mostly bandwidth saturation rather than server pounding per se.
talcite but resizing issues? None that I can think of :)
pawbie, oh, LOL, ok thanks. I'll still wait to see if anyone has another idea though :)
hi all, just booted into 8.04 :)
gogeta, i can't say i am surprised :) it's well, expected
i wish b43 worked for me :)
gogeta I don't try, I track a couple people at a time :)
Shadow_X, i was, but it was because i had broken packages installed (in my case, a few language packs). i removed the offending packages, and i'm upgrading now :)
FastZ, well, if you install and use tasksell , you have the option on any ubuntu/debian machine :)
ceil420: im running ubuntu on my server :) but its just personal server
eugenebythesea, google is your friend :)
Johnny_: As you can see, this is a large channel. If you're speaking to someone in particular, please put their nickname in what you say (use !tab), or else messages get lost and it becomes confusing :)
:)
disregard my previous question as I found the answer :)
^V^ ah, you're using the hardy kernel now :)
nickrud: yes :)
AdrianStrays all I can say is everything worked fine for me (beta install nearly 2 months ago, and updates since then. First time that Works for Me™ :)
I threw in that caveat when I saw you say lag just before :)
:)
i do love the resolution/dual head tool :)
:)
nikitis: happy to :)
:)
Can someone help me and my gnome please :)
AnRkey I see :)
thanks mate ... :)
i already fomat ubuntu 7.10 ...and waiting to install 8.04 ... :)
:)
i think ill wait to upgrade :)
gord: thank you! :)
Jordan_U: I guess it's to bussy today :)
anyway, hardy is out. cheers :)
:)
hello just install ubuntu 8.04 LTS and i love it, because it support my Intel 946GZ chipset and vga driver :) just want to ask how to minimize the screen resoultion, when ubuntu ask user name and password? after that i set my resoultion and ubuntu shift to that resoultion, thanks
Xperiment62, If you know perl, python, or TCL, xchat would be your best bet :)
:)
﻿just install ubuntu 8.04 LTS and i love it, because it support my Intel 946GZ chipset and vga driver :) just want to ask how to minimize the screen resoultion, when ubuntu ask user name and password? after that i set my resoultion and ubuntu shift to that resoultion, thanks
boeing: pengo is having the problem not me :)
so noone interested in looking into https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/216927 with me ? :)
sucka: well, at your own risk....i never had a problem that i could fix tho :)
http://www.officerecovery.com/freeundelete/download.htm.. Installing an undelete program can overwrite your file :).. ccleaner is okay, but not the end all
:)
hello :)
:)
all the time :)
unop, cheers, wasn't thinking, been a late night waiting for ubuntu release :)
seveas de dwaas :)
:)
m3, you dont :)
Myrtti: but then nobody would care he left.. :)
tks arstanj :)   ....just checking things out here ....big room
Maxdamantus: me too :)
hey people. Where can I find info on the features/improvements of hardy? The release notes only mention possible problems/fixes, not the improvements :)
ikonia, i know that ... :) assumed it was there in his source
is there any ﻿xorg gurus here :)
guja_nebeska: read the topic: Hardy is OUT :)
ikonia, okay, let u know if I destroyed something. :)
theunixgeek; i'm the king of typos :)
:)
:)
hello all :)
hmm :)
TwinX: http://theunixgeek.pastebin.com/  < copy the subsection, please :)
IndyGunFreak: uhm about 4 hours :)
:)
TwinX: I did :)
:)
dont think this client supports topic bars :)
xircon need to work on their irc client a bit :)
josh_: unlearn what you've learned about windows when using linux :)
yeah... :)
jrib: no - and i DIDNT put it there either! but the prob is that I Cant get root :)
other than that - loving it, working great :)
Myrtti: to illustrate :)
sCOTTo: ok, there's no need for caps :)  just reboot, choose "recovery mode" from the grub menu and then use nano to edit /etc/hostname to remove the space and also edit /etc/hosts and add "faithtop" to the line with localhost
see yah soon :)
then on the other hand i keep 500GB of media. So linux will not decompress that for you :)
immesys not likely to remaster a CD, thanks :)
DracoZA: it's not installed :)  so what's the deal, the last ubuntu version automatically detected my nvidia card and gave me compiz and stuff, but not 8.04?
flithm, I'm installing as we speak so I cant tell you yet :)
mademelaugh; sorry if I confused you :)
amerio, can't tell you without having messed with that Atheros in particular more... Which I haven't :) (a firend of mine had that wireless card and I gave up trying to make it work on 7.10 :P)
amerio: Google, Forums, and you'll find something. The page I told you had windows drivers which worked well with ndiswrapper :)
amerio, good luck :)
Tasmaniak, you welcome :)
amerio, :)
morning :)
neeto, though Ubuntu wiki is very helpful :)
mademelaugh, i mean, having xubuntu-desktop and ubuntu-desktop is a little bit too much :)
Kirby, do you mean "is there a way to screw everything fast?" :)
thx guy 4 having time to talk :)
does hardy support ati :)
Kirby, you're learning? when you learn, you always finish by typing somthing stupide like "rm * ~" (instead of rm *~ for example). and then you learn (the hard way) thant you don't *want* to be root all the time :)
does hardy support ati :)
Kirby, are you that deseperate? :))
JPSmon - Hopefully the drivers will be available when installed, but making install tricky :)
debian: ubuntu not for human beeings :)
gord this mean to start from begining :)
mohamed_:aha good. then u can probably save the file into the torrent location and it will pick it up fro there :)
mohamed_: if not dont delete the file u have so far, it may be possible, just ask again if u have problems, someone will help, say u have incomplete wget-ed file and someone might have an idea :) w'salam
thx gord, salam :)
ifireball: point taken and I will from now on try to not jump in when not certain of an answer :)
ere4si - Never worked for me, seems to be offering the option now in Hardy :)
swamy you're in trouble then :)
swamy yes you are :)
crashanddie: no prob, just take the time u need :)
crashanddie, thanks its working fine, what a strange problem :)
yaroslav: wait a day or two :)
ToM-X that's the one :)
ObiTeh1 great! now try to get it working with xfce4! good luck, you'll need it :)
iKernel, :)
arvind_khadri i'm giving my bit to the community by helping people out, even though i don't currently use ubuntu :)
arvind_khadri yeah I know, but I can still help :)
I think i'm gonna stick to 7.10 for a little while longer :)
crashanddie: ok, but thx anyways :) have a nice day
crashanddie, just want to modify my screen res as it shows max 1024 and I see xorg.conf has changed, tried to run nvidia-settings and thats gone :)
amerio, me here but not here; done bathing, lunch now :)
Can anyone help me with some newbie issues I am having? :)
iKernel: Still searching :)
erik__:  well that is about all the troubleshooting I know of to make policykit work...hahaha...you may want to try re-installing the packages in Synaptic as I've seen it help some people....but unforunately that's about all I can offer... :)
artti; tip: use tab :) it's dagon_, burn on TDK or Fujifilm, works perfect
dooglus, use the log out thats it :)
Quiz_Master, :) it'll come soon try ebay
artti; okey I see :) try burning as slow as possible, like 2x or 4x
hey all hardy rocks :)
thx :)
I like you the way you tube works in totem :)
ben er eindelijk:)
artti:  it does.... :)
albech:  not when you are eager to get going and you have to wait 45 minutes for a burn... :)
erik__:  nice!   :)
temo haha im getting alot of fails :)
bazhang: burned the ubuntu cd two times .. will try another one :)
GNUtoo:  yeah I've never had any luck with that... :)
There's an irony there somewhere :)
loder: im always joking :)
ifireball, nullmind thanks guys, I'm a gnomer, and yes I like having my server too, computer handles both just fine, I like the server install, server hobby, desktop for work. :)
greentomate: im in Portland, OR and choose cat.pdx down the street :)
GNUtoo:  I was thinking of checking the FAQ for the answer... :)
GNUtoo:  make sure you use EnvyNG in hardy though....from the repos.. :)
And for reasons I won't bore you with a lot of old comps come through my hands :)
Thanks dystopianray, that help me :)
spiniker: Would've been quicker to download the alternate or DVD via torrent, and upgrade with local disc. :)
that was an excessive use of the word actually sorry about that :)
LainIwakura well as to the wisdom I couldn't say - I'm just a newbie who can search :)
Scunizi: I do appreciate the effort, though. :)
slestak: I dunno what that means. I just like how putty uses a small font and works with everything. :)
Nith: i usually like clean installs :)
gord_: :)
I don't usually upgrade over the Internet on the day it comes out. I can't install software for Hardy. I'm glad I didn't upgrade from Dapper. I was considering that... Scary... :)
bazhang: but will work great, thanks a lot :)
bazhang: Yeah, I know. But I figured that the repos would be flooded, and I wanted Hardy NOW. So... :)
indian_munnda: err, yes, but it didnt work, and it probably should have :)
nibsa1242b: cheers that worked thanks :)
amenado: Lots of people upgrading I bet :)
8.04 is a hit i guess :)
slytherin, thanks, It's working :)
indian_munnda:hmmm, are you sure you havent mis-typed the MAC ? thats my usual mistake :)
ok ppl, many thx for the help - worst case is I wait for the servers to lighten up :)
thats mainly because i don't know what im doing most of the time :)
dmakalsky:   here's a nice page on a bottleneck-free server :)  http://linux.byexamples.com/archives/386/how-to-safely-upgrade-your-ubuntu-to-hardy-heron-804/
Turms_gutsy: try running full-disk encryption LUKS/LVM --- /boot comes in handy in this instance :)
cool, ubuntu 8.04 lts under vmware :)
 i am having problem with azureus, i cant download anithing and i got errors when i test my ports. I have a wired connection without router (fastweb) and i use ubuntu, anyone may help me'? :)
lol :)
IndyGunFreak: I'm using the alt cd to upgrade btw :)
:)
bazhang: tnx for info :) bye bye
hello can any one tell me how to execute a command auto maticaly at start up after login :)
iusegnulinux: where is add to session :)
ubuntung-pinoy: oh, sorry :) In that case you'll have to wait for the servers to cool donw
MrDakoki: no problem :) you can use the search in the same way if you get another error
MrLinux: named is the binary you are talking about, and Bind is like the industry standard version that most people will use,, not that it's without any flaws... its got a few to be proud of :)
kbrooks: ah, ok. just missed it then :)
CyberCod,  for the state of Indiana - we need a zoomed in map of Indiana - we have different timezones depending on which county in the state you are in. :)
it seems a bit unpolished and space-wasting for all of my firefox windows to say "Mozilla Firefox 3 Beta 5" in the title - just wondering if there's a way to trim it down :)
schnootop: ah, good point, thanks. :)
aptitude :)
amenado: too slow. :)
cman: me too :)
bazhang: ah ok, thanks.. and fwiw, i'm in hardy kubuntu installed using pen drive :)
sigma  :)
Odd-rationale, thats ok :) he had disabled it :)
Mapp:  we can get a better one working for you so go to sofware sources,.... then on that window look on the center,  click where it says Download From... then "Other" then "select the best server" let it do its thing, then click Choose server, close, and youre good to go :)
bazhang: yay indeed o/ :)
torent was way faster :) and thanks to wubi i didnt have to wast a cd :)
Raits: I tried some different combinations and then it worked :)
kakado: anyway, thank you, it's working great now:)
dave11 if you're installing and keeping windows, try wubi :)  otherwise... make sure youre burning at the LOWEST speed possible, and I assume youve checked md5sum
pjoul: Lol, trying that now... Thanks :)
amenado: ty :)
amenado: ok :)
timewriter: ok :)
pjoul: Thankyou! That worked! :)
Callipyginous: that's fine :)
^root^: it contains 3 cd's :)
upgrading now :)
cman: nice  :)
:)
ddrplayer512: sorry wrong person :)
Koheleth: That's fine! It happens... :)
amenado: there's no Ubuntu client , except mine :) i'm trying to connect to 213.217.55.30 client with ubuntu and i'm unable to
lopin, good :)
pjoul:  thank you very much Ill go try that :)
Mimi: let's try :)
suwed: You don't really have to upgrade, but you'll get new versions of new software, your software will be supported for about another year vs. LTS for another 3 years, and you'll have bragging rights! :)
No problem, I hope that helps. :)
pjoul: I want it, I just want to know why the hoopla! :)
suweid: http://www.ubuntu.com/news/ubuntu-8.04-lts-desktop How about THIS? :)
suweid: just because all that new shiny software :)
ddrplayer512: I'm going to read that. :)
amenado: :)
pjoul: Aah, the packages. Then yeah, that's worth a lot. Though I'll be probably updating the day after 9.?? comes out. :)
suweid: yes, that's your bussiness :)
Steufeubeu: worked great :) thnx a bunch...now I can do some work
eyyYo: that sounds like proxying, google proxy ubuntu or something. :)
jburl, just reinstall the whole shebang. And if that's not possible you can cry in a corner. That's what I usually do when my files get wasted anyway. :)
mut80r: No, he's no newbie. I think he'll manage. :)
suweid: And I dont have much time, thats the biggest problem :)
suweid: Nope, its exactly as i described it before :) I want a shoutcast server to switch between streams..
suweid: Ill sniff a little with wireshark or something, and see what i get :)
patholio: there is a synergy2? :)
absnt, AFAIK, nothing special there :)
absnt, wait :)
:)
mut80r: exactly:)
I just got my Dell Inspiron with Ubuntu :)
CyberCod: Let's hope someone helps us then :)
Flannel: thanks :) damn
graingert: Can't remember, gonna check :)
thingfish1: excellent.. thanks :)
jbur1: I've never used it.. I am a rebel I guess.. I just change my repositiories and upgrade.. they say don't do that.. but it works for me :)
hey :)
can anyone help a newb :)? i just installed Ubuntu 8.04 on a second partition on my laptop and now i can't boot into windows anymore :(
SimplePlan: a Ubuntu Live CD does a partition for you :)
SimplePlan: its the same :)
i have x64 hardy, and it's perfect :)
blue-frog_: i wish to fix a broken download :)
@simonft2: well windows,  not vista ok :)
au contraire :) my ubuntu is crashing every few days :) for no apparent reason. today it suddenly developed a bad block on the HDD while playing music, I had to do a clean install
just so you know, if it works you are my official hero :)
 play (which requires absolutely no other app using the sound card when firefox is started AND when the video plays) I have to restart firefox afterwards to be able to use other sound-producing apps. Help! :)
Baby_Shambl3s: replace /dev/sdb with /dev/sdb1 or whatever your partition is :)
nucco, i need the .rar library :)
SimplePlan: depends on whether you're going from cds or repository, and how bad the repos are gettingf hammered :)
PowerTeam: we do too, now go tell your neighbours too :)
ok; I'm gonna reboot :)
I don't want to keep asking the same question over and over, but hopefully somone can help with my Vostro blues :)
do you know the location of the file or not? :)
Stiny: it's still relatively stable... :)
Stiny: I use galeon :)
Stiny: epiphany is the new galeon :) so to speak
IcemanV9 - lol thanks for info about bot :)
Arkaic: robinmholt thanks :)
nibsa1242b: thanks :)
iKar: oh, right-click the image, select write to disc :)
Skapare: yes, I know that, the problem is *how* to fix it :)
neztiti: you mean ubuntu update downloads are slow? that's to be expected. a new version just got released :)
koomber, get rid of vista :)
mut80r: that means he can ignore dumb questions like mine :)
cvd-pr, #ubuntu+1...  nah, just kidding, it's okay to ask here now :)
Vlet: yes :)
Skapare i orderd a 8.04 cd :)
i stand corrected :)
_lemsx1_: hey that's not a bad idea :)
except maybe time.. :)
fbc: haha thanks :)
but the recovery partition is feisty, i was wondering if there were a way to update that to a hardy recovery :)
ubus: it still might be though :)
joshua__: the windows name of the pc will work fine too :)
koomber, i was just kinda thinking out loud :)
gogeta: :)
I'm batting a 1000 today. :)  am I asking too hard of questions?
bnjmn: technically, the only difference btw the ubuntu "versions" is just the default set of packages :)
prettyricky: more stable, more packages to download, in some cases faster, in general just better :)
yo :)
http://gb.archive.ubuntu.com ftw :)
LukeL: so I'm waiting for a DVD to become available (yup, I got a DVD on that old machine :)
Skapare: yeah well i wait for the release version :)
yeah i know dystopianray :)
lots of help there :) I want to be root every time I start up ubuntu is it what scizzo said then?
ok.. thanks I'll look into it, as long as I need to type it less often :)
Vlet: I gues Linux isn't for me. Maybe because I can't solve simple problems. :)
slight prob. When booting into hardy, I have no taskbars... any clue? :)
amenado, believe so. It's... 2.24 I think (trying to recall from memory) and new is 2.26, or something. You probably know it better than I do :)
ceil420: ah.but since i'm still a newbie(one en a half months now) guess i'll stick to 7.10 til i learn more:)
strtok, i can do that easily enough with my Enlightenment window manager :)
Hi ! :) Yet another one of these hardy users without _any_ sound since upgrade. Google for vlc error outputs did not help; vlc-plugin-pulse _is_ installed. Any common hardy-sound FAQ / known issues page maybe ?
amenado, yay :)
drivetrax, thanks :)
Still busy here I see :)
 play (which requires absolutely no other app using the sound card when firefox is started AND when the video plays) I have to restart firefox afterwards to be able to use other sound-producing apps. Help! :)
amenado, no share = no support :)
joshua__, I hope so! :)   thanks
instantsoup: Try choosing the green flower again :)
nickrober: sweet :)
only got it this afternoon :)
good evening :)
No problem :)
noodlesgc: switched back to my main account :)
Hi all :)
dont want them :)
i'm such a linux newbie  -  & loving the ride!  what a revelation :)
bonne nuit recycled :)
jburd: start with the one that annoys you first :)
catmistake: or your irc client should be smart enough to highlight stuff addressed to you :)
catmistake: you'll get used to it... :) sometimes I hate it too
catmistake: downloading right now, at the amazing rate of 1.35KB/s :)
catmistake: as you get better with linux, you might find that you can have a separate partition for /home, then when you do a clean install, you don't have to lose all your data :)
catmistake, you are as important as everyone else here :) and if u want to talk about something me and everyone else will be more than happy to help u out
catmistake, just askaway :)
tawt: plugins for firefox? click 'tools'>'add-ons'>'get add-ons' :)
catmistake: I understood :)
Hi all, I've encountered a problem when booting Ubuntu, my screen resolution is unsupported, has anyone got a fix for this? (Sorry if anyone said anything before, it's a bit packed in here :))
KooperKool: however if upgrade fails, ohh, I'm dead. :)  I'll be shopping for a cdrom. lol
unop: yeah, a very basic one.. pastbin? :)
of Ubuntu is more complete than the previous one. I'm glad I can use it. :)
unop: it claims I'm a spammer :) can I send the install file to you instaed?
hwilde: copying a 100G /home partition isn't something I like to do over and over :)
i think that it is just a wrong link in the grub config, cause i had ubuntu installed before. but when i use root (hd0,2) ... nothing happens, i need one more command like "boot this shit :)"
roffe__, well, it can be .. :) but no
Fogel1497: I hapy to know that you had :) How can I solve it as well?
Fogel1497: thanks a lot!!! :)
unop: If you've given up, I can more than well understand it :)
Steve^ the logical partition also counts as part of the 4 maximum :)
